* On Wednesday, Nov. 19 at 10:09 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regardingan odor of marijuana in Harris Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, a Resident Advisor (RA) turnedover confiscated paraphernalia. Officers located a green leafy substance at the scene. Informationregarding the case has been turned over to Campus Life.* On Friday, Nov. 21 at 6:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious package left at a busstop outside the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Clifton Road. EPD officersassisted the DeKalb Police Department with evacuating nearby buildings. The package containedpersonal belongings that were later claimed by an individual. Clifton Road was reopened at 7:51 a.m.Emory faculty, staff and students were notified of the suspicious package through an all-Emory emailsent early Friday morning by Associate Vice President of Communications and Executive Director ofMedia Relations Nancy Seideman.* On Saturday, Nov. 22 at 8:38 a.m., an Emory Emergency Medical Service (EMS) vehicle was flaggeddown by an individual. The individual said that an 18-wheeler truck struck a telephone pole on LavistaRoad. The pole snapped and in the process, multiple vehicles on the street were damaged. Theindividual said he tried to stop the truck, but it would not stop. Officers were able to locate the truck andmet with the driver. The driver didn’t realize he hit anything. Information regarding the case has beenturned over to DeKalb Police Department.* On Sunday, Nov. 23 at 12:30 p.m., EPD responded to a fire call at McTyeire Hall. The Residence HallDirector on the scene called EPD when he noticed large amounts of smoke in the kitchen. Officersdetermined that the smoke was caused by a person reheating a pizza in a cardboard box. There was nofire when officers arrived on the scene, but the box was burned. DeKalb County Fire & Rescue arrivedon the scene and reset the fire alarm.* On Sunday, Nov. 23 at 1:55 a.m., EPD responded to an underage individual under the influence ofalcohol at Clairmont Building B. The individual had been drinking throughout the night and had vomited.EMS arrived on the scene and determined that the individual had fallen during the night. The individualwas transported to Emory University Hospital for further treatment. Campus Life was notified.