A senior in a lower level science course was found guilty of plagiarism on a paper. Although the studentcited all of his sources, he failed to use quotation marks around passages that he copied directly into hispaper. He claimed that he was confused; he believed that quotation marks were only necessary toindicate someone’s opinion, but objective facts or information did not require quotation marks. He statedthat he had followed this erroneous method for all his papers at Emory. The Honor Council believed thatthe student did not intend to deceive the professor as he did cite all his sources. Nevertheless, the paperclearly contained plagiarized material. The council recommended an F on the paper and a 1-year markon the student’s personal performance record.A sophomore in a lower level humanities course was found guilty of plagiarism on a short paper. Thepaper included passages that were copied directly from two online sources. Roughly 90 percent of thepaper matched these two sources exactly. There were no references. The student claimed that she didnot understand proper citation methods and did not intend to violate the honor code. Even had thesources been properly referenced and placed into quotation marks, there would have been no originalwork in this paper except for a couple sentences of the student’s own writing. As the student had a priorviolation for plagiarism, the Honor Council recommended an F in the course, a 10-year mark on thepersonal performance record and a 1-semester suspension. The appeal panel upheld this decision.A sophomore in an upper level science course was found guilty of plagiarism on a homeworkassignment. The student submitted a program that was identical to an online source. She claimed thatshe had consulted this source in order to help her write her own program, an action that was allowedaccording to the rules for the assignment. However, she accidentally submitted the online programinstead of her own work. The Honor Council reviewed the files on the student’s laptop. The documentproperties and statistics matched the student’s story. Given the similarity of the file names and thestudent’s overwhelming disorganization, the Honor Council found her account plausible. However, theprogram that the student had intended to submit was still problematic, did not properly reference theonline program and was overly derivative. As the professor advocated for a light penalty, the HonorCouncil recommended an F on the assignment instead of an F in the course, and a two-year mark on thepersonal performance record.— Compiled by Lydia O’Neal, Senior Staff Writer