• On Oct. 16 at 10:48 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an intoxicatedindividual on the roadway near 1669 North Decatur Rd. An off-duty officer noticed the individualstaggering on and off the road and met with the subject. Emergency Medical Services (EMS) alsoarrived on the scene. The individual said that it was the Jewish New Year, and he was celebrating. Hedidn’t know where he was. The individual said that during the holiday people cannot use electronicdevices or ride in vehicles. Officers told the subject he could either go to jail or the hospital, and he chosethe hospital. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital.• On Oct. 17 at 8:31 p.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at Evans Hall. A student cooking at a stove setoff the alarm. Officers determined that there was no fire damage, and residents were allowed back in thebuilding.• On Oct. 17, EPD responded to a call regarding a distressed individual who had smoked marijuana. Theindividual said that when she was visiting her sister she smoked marijuana and lost consciousness. Theindividual became scared and called 911. When officers arrived on the scene, they decided to transporther to Emory University Hospital. There was no marijuana present when officers arrived.• On Oct. 18 at 12:34 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding individuals throwing objects in the vicinityof Sigma Chi Fraternity at 6 Eagle Row. Officers went to 6 Eagle Row and then met with the presidentwho was unaware of the bottles being thrown. While officers were meeting with the president, theywitnessed another bottle being thrown and determined the bottle did not come from Sigma Chi. Officerscould not locate where the bottles were coming from. Campus Life was notified of the incident.• On Oct. 18 at 2:05 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint at Beta Theta Pi Fraternity at 15 EagleRow. Individuals were playing loud music on the balcony of the house. Officers met with the philanthropychair of the house, and he agreed to turn down the music.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr