Photo by Brent Moore (Flickr)Locally-based travelers in Atlanta often harbor a love-hate relationship with the airport in town. AirportsCouncil International (ACI) recently released its 2014 data, and for the 17th consecutive year, our airportdown south — Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport — was ranked as the world’s busiest,supporting slightly over 96 million passengers during the year. The airport’s vibrancy serves as a doubleedged sword for locals: on the one hand, fliers can easily reach nearly any destination in the world, buton the other hand, they must also bear the inescapably long lines and congestion.Many assume that Delta Air Lines, headquartered in Atlanta, individually drives the airport’s hegemonywithin the airline industry, and to some extent, it does. Hartsfield-Jackson represents the largest hub forone of the world’s largest airlines, and Delta owns a dominating portion — about 75 percent — of theairport’s market share. But other airlines strongly influence the airport and the region as well. In fact,Atlanta serves as an interesting case study, with its airport nicely reflecting the trends initiated back in1978 with the Airline Deregulation Act. Hartsfield-Jackson functions as a neat microcosm of thecascading effects of deregulation across the nation.Before 1978, the federal government largely dictated the routes airlines could fly, with a series of legacycarriers each owning a comfortable slice of the domestic market. However, the government, encouragedlargely by economist Alfred E. Kahn (considered the “father of deregulation”), opened a more competitivemarketplace with the Airline Deregulation Act, removing most restrictions and allowing multiple suitors tovie for traffic on each route. This triggered a wave of effects, some designed and some perhapsunintentional. Deregulation ultimately contributed to the emergence of a three-tiered airline classificationsystem domestically, and Atlanta manifests these trends perfectly.First and foremost, deregulation shifted the axis of competition from passenger experience to price.Without many pre-deregulatory threats, airlines could largely tailor their focus to making flying ascomfortable as possible for the consumer (regardless of the associated costs of doing so), leading toskies characterized by glamour and luxury. However, inundated with a series of competitors, airlinesmainly began to compete on the basis of price after deregulation, resulting in lower fares and morechoice, as intended by the law’s proponents.Many cite Southwest Airlines, which conveniently debuted in Atlanta in 2012, as a quintessentialexample. Southwest, which champions itself as a low-cost and culture-laden airline, traces its roots backto deregulation, when it gained the autonomy to fly beyond its home state of Texas. Southwest engagedin the price-minimizing war by employing a strategy of maximizing aircraft and employee efficiency,flying only one aircraft type (Boeing 737) and favoring less congested secondary airports (which helpscontrol delays) over the nation’s busiest airports. The relaxation of federal control bolstered Southwest’sability to compete nationally, and today it serves Atlanta as the airport’s second largest tenant — goodnews for consumers.Lower airfares for consumers also translates into less revenue for airlines. Today, even in an age ofrelative prosperity within the industry, airlines compete on razor-thin profit margins. Legacy carriers likeDelta try to create economies of scale as a tool for minimizing costs, concentrating the bulk of theirflights to a few fortress hubs. Hartsfield-Jackson mirrors this trend well, handling a significant amount ofconnecting traffic as well as local passengers.Delta itself reflects a major (if delayed) effect triggered by deregulation: widespread consolidationfollowing 9/11, the biggest disaster to plague the industry. Already teetering on thin ice before twohijacked airlines downed the Twin Towers, domestic carriers endured financial crises as demand rapidlydipped. Fiscal instability generated a wave of mergers, culling the pool of competitors domestically. In2008, Delta and Northwest Airlines officially merged; with the United-Continental and American-USAirways pacts, three legacy airlines mainly dominate the skies today, mirrored locally by Delta’scommanding control of Hartsfield-Jackson.Merger activity injected necessary stability into the airline industry, but left a competitive hole. Thetrimming away of legacy airlines ushered in a new yet long-coming industry fad: the ultra-low-cost carrier(ULCC). Whereas Southwest, generally considered a “hybrid” carrier, exemplifies a mix of priceconsciousness and vibrant service, ULCCs represent the extreme of the movement to price-basedcompetition. Emphasizing the strategy of unbundling — the stripping away of practically all featuresassociated with an airline ticket except for the the seat itself (and not even a pre-assigned one, unlessyou wish to pay extra, of course) — these airlines target the heavily budget-conscious flier by promotingthe lowest possible base fare. They seek to spur new demand for flying by capturing people who mightotherwise not travel or travel via alternative means, making travel more available to all — an obviouslydesired outcome of deregulation.Spirit and Frontier Airlines represent two of the most notable ULCCs, and both have ramped up theirAtlanta service recently, asserting their respective voices at Hartsfield-Jackson. With their entrance toand aggressive pursuit of Atlanta travelers, combined with Southwest’s footprint, Hartsfield-Jackson,most commonly known as a Delta powerhouse, supports all three rings within the airline industry: fullservice carriers, hybrid/low-cost carriers and ULCCs. This three-tiered airline structure represents theculmination of deregulation, and the presence of each segment, in domestically-representativeproportions, in Atlanta optimizes the benefits that air travel offers to the area. Fliers locally benefit fromboth ends of the spectrum, with an ample variety of nonstop routes (many of which are supported byDelta) and pricing pressure introduced by discount carriers.For the consumer, all this means more choice and more rigorous competition. Kahn and othersupporters of the Airline Deregulation Act would be proud of what has transpired decades later in Atlanta.Alex McIntyre is a College freshman from Dallas, Texas.