Black Star Magazine's Response to "Which Lives Matter?"W.E.B. Du Bois once asked, "What does honesty do in the face of deception?" Today, I, along with mycohorts at Black Star Magazine, ask a very similar question. What do opinions do in the face of facts? Inthe Opinion section of The Emory Wheel, an article titled "Which Lives Matter?" presents a rathergrotesque and factually inaccurate portrait of the Black Lives Matter (BLM) Movement. Though it isdifficult to discern whether the uninformed opinion of the author is representative of a larger population ofthe Emory community or if it is the lone result of poor evidence-based research, it is still necessary thatwe examine and scrutinize the author's claims for the sake of reeducating the Emory community.By unearthing the facts of BLM, we wish to reveal to the Emory community that, in the face of facts,opinions should become informed. With properly informed opinions, members of the Emory communitycan exhume the true nature and objectives of BLM from underneath the rubble of falsity in which the"Which Lives Matter?" piece has buried them. Editorials in the Wheel should be guided by the spirit ofempiricism and the will to "stand by what is good." This article was led by neither. We hope to wiselyfollow both.In summation, the author believes that BLM has a double conscious. She argues that BLM is both astatement and a movement. BLM as a political movement, she reasons, aims to defund lawenforcement, put police through awareness programs and force them to wear body cameras,demilitarize police equipment and circulate hatred toward white people and cops. As a statement, sheargues, BLM is about discontinuing a culture in America that values White lives more than Black livesand practices color-conscious policing. She concludes that it's up to all people to end racial prejudice andthat governmental policy, though likely effective, will not solve the problem of systematic racism inAmerica. In spite of presenting some true assessments of BLM, the author fails to fully grasp thefundamental philosophy of BLM and its goals to the degree that it is evident that facts seemingly don'tmatter in the article.Did facts matter when the author concluded that BLM can manifest itself as a circulator of hate andretribution against White people? Apparently not. The author's journey to this conclusion is hazy at best,so please follow this analysis of her line of reasoning closely. The author creates a theoretical scenario inwhich someone dismisses her article as a "White girl's response to a problem she doesn't understand."Though this fictitious response is her own creation, she somehow uses it to support the idea that "wedon't want to unify" and BLM promotes "generalized hatred." She says this is her singular problem withBLM but seems to forget that she fabricated the dismissive response in the first place. Her responsewas not, in any way, representative of BLM's platform. BLM is primarily focused on cop-to-citizenrelationships, not citizen-to-citizen relationships. Cops have state-sanctioned powers to detain, arrestand kill people. BLM, like practically all Black movements that have taken place in America's history, hasa problem when cops abuse this power when dealing with people who have melanin in their skins. BLMhas nothing to do with White people or White cops — it relates to all cops and the White supremacyreinforcing culture that police culture, as a subculture of American society, has historically possessedand still holds on to. Black cops can possess a White supremacy reinforcing worldview that may leadthem to abuse their power when dealing with people of color. Leaders of BLM have frequently referenced"White supremacy" as a target, not "White people." Finally, every single BLM goal that the author listsearly in the article has to do with police forces as a whole. There is absolutely no reference to Whitepeople, White cops or White police forces in BLM's policy objectives. Interestingly, the only evidence ofracial bias toward White people in the article is the author's own stereotyping of her name as a Whitename. Her name-stereotyping is also racially biased in general, because it implies that certain names arecarried by certain people because of their ethnic identity. It seems the author forgot that most AfricanAmericans carry European names as a result of slavery. For example, my last name is Greer andmeans an Irish or a Scottish goat farmer, both of which I am not.Did facts matter when the author chose to ignore a core piece of BLM's goal to defund certain lawenforcement agencies? We doubt it. The article criticizes that BLM wants to defund police forces, withoutmentioning that BLM actually wants to take funds away from police and reallocate those funds towardthe creation of jobs, the development of better education systems, the cultivation of healthy foods and theconstruction of better housing in Black communities. Co-founder of BLM and Fulbright Scholar PatrisseCullors says public safety is not limited to policing but also repairing Black communities at their damagedroots. Cullors understands that the current state of Black communities is the direct result of centuries ofstructural warfare against Black Americans by various U.S. governmental agencies and privatebusinesses from the local to the national level. Cullors understands that policing the effects of povertyrather than alleviating poverty itself is a totally ineffective way to approach rebuilding Black communities.That is likely why Cullors reached the following conclusion: "We can't keep pouring money into our policedepartments as our only way for public safety. Public safety means people having good jobs, peoplehaving a place to live, people having access to healthy food." For these reasons, it is clear that theauthor's omission of this very important aspect of defunding police agencies is misleading and faultyjournalism.Did facts matter when the author neglected to differentiate between institutional racism and personalracism? Of course not. The author provides examples of personal racism when discussing anorganization that is actually concerned with institutional racism, specifically in police departments. Shediscusses how some people, and even herself, make personal decisions to sit with certain people atlunch but obviously doesn't understand that this form of personal prejudice is not the equivalent of, forinstance, a police department choosing to racially profile Black citizens who drive certain vehicles. Oneform of prejudice has been institutionalized, while the other is merely the result of one's personal choice.Institutional racism can have intergenerational effects that transcend a White man calling my frat brotherand me "Black mother fuckers" at the Chevron off of Clairmont last year. This verbal attack will not affectmy children's likelihood of getting an education but racist public policies can. Blatant acts ofinstitutionalized racism have run rampant in America against Black Americans for hundreds of years andare still felt in our communities. Metaphorically speaking, the author is at a shooting range and shootssomeone else's target dead on the mark and then rejoices for being a sharp shooter. No, the authoractually missed the mark by a long shot.Did facts matter when the author concludes that governmental policies won't have much of an effect onsocietal racism? Nope. First, it is factually incorrect. The public's response to The New Deal and morerecently the Affordable Healthcare Act are solid pieces of evidence that support the idea that policy canchange public opinion. These are just two examples among countless others. Second, if the author werecorrect, her criticism of BLM would still be unwarranted. BLM has chosen a subculture to target, which ithas a right to do, and even states that it wants to institute cultural awareness training for police agencies.In addition, the author's criticism of BLM is structurally equivalent to arguing that activists who demandpolicies concerning equal pay for women in the workplace are ineffective because those policies won'taffect sexism in our larger society. Even more simply, this is like criticizing an organization that wants toAdopt-a-Mile because that organization won't adopt the entirety of I-20.All in all, the author's conclusion is belittling of BLM's objectives and clearly illogical. The perpetuation ofsuch misinformed ideas cannot be tolerated, as it is damaging to the progression of the BLM movementand the Emory community. While opinions are to be respected, future pieces should contain adequatecontextual knowledge before attempting to discredit an entire movement.TJ Greer is a College senior from Huntsville, Alabama writing on behalf of Black Star Magazine.