Image courtesy of Donkey Hotey | FlickrRussia, via Twitter, has officially declared economic war on Turkey. President Vladimir Putin and hiscabinet have imposed financial regulations on their new enemy. The targets of these regulations willinclude, but aren't limited to, bilateral trade, tourism and investment between the two countries. Thiscomes in response to the recent downing of Russia's Su-24 warplane by a Turkish F-16 fighter jet.According to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Russia had violated Turkey's sovereignty byflying through its airspace without explicit permission.Most spectators, who expected a full scale Russian military throw-down on Turkey, see this subtlermove as surprising. After all, Putin is not known for his discretion. Russian air force bombing of apparentISIS locations marked the country's entry into the Syrian war in September. While Russia stated that theattack was aimed at a specific ISIS location, the world's political leaders saw it as an attempt by Russiato assert its dominance to further enrage local actors. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter told reporters,"I want to be careful about confirming information, but it does appear that they [Russian airstrikes] werein areas where there probably were not ISIL forces."Whatever the motives, the message from Russia was clear. They intend to be an active player in anyforthcoming war, so the latest non-military response to Turkey's bold actions confuse most onlookers. Inmy opinion this is simply a bully-tantrum. Russia is used to getting its way with allies with norepercussions to its supposed authority. Turkey has clearly disrupted this duplicitous policy that Russiadelusionally follows,but the disruption doesn't settle well with the powerhouse. While economic sanctionsare a smart and less destructive play, their consequences, in the long run, can be quite drastic. If everycountry refused to do trade with allies that try to protect their sovereignty, international trade would cometo an abrupt halt. Then why did Putin and his cabinet take such drastic steps?The reasons for the economic war could be multi-faceted.This is the first time since the end of the Cold War that there have been hostilities between Russia andan active member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Perhaps Putin fears the invocationof Article Five of the North Atlantic Treaty, which states that an attack on one ally shall be considered anattack on all allies. Such a result would definitely draw attention away from possibly the biggest securitythreat the world has faced since Nazi Germany: the Islamic State. Conceivably Putin has reached alevel of maturity to realize that resources must be utilized to terminate the bigger threat at hand. Thegeographical and continental closeness between Russia and Islamic State territories present ISIS as adirect threat to Russia and its allies. And it would, without a doubt, please Putin to come out as the victorin this battle against ISIS. I assume he knows that the United States is doing its best to contain thesituation but will not take the extreme measures that Russia can employ to terminate ISIS.Another more plausible reason for the economic war draws from Putin's "big-daddy" attitude. Signingeconomic sanctions against Turkey merely shows Turkey and the rest of the world how much the smallnation relies on Russia for exports, energy and other necessary resources. A major sanction may beplaced on Russian tourism in Turkey. Russians are second only to Germany in terms of the numbersvisiting Turkey, bringing in an estimated $4 billion a year in tourism revenues, which Turkey needs tohelp fund its gaping current account deficit. Furthermore, Russia is discussing the possibility of limitingagriculture between the two countries. Russia is the world's largest exporter of wheat and Turkey is thelargest buyer of Russian wheat. Moreover, Russia has left Turkish trucks carrying food stranded at theborders or has asked them to turn back.But the decision to restrict agricultural trade would equally impact Russia, which imports most of itsfruits, vegetables and nuts from Turkey. According to Russian officials, however, Russia can alwaysimport from China, Azerbaijan, Iran, South Africa and Morocco.Russia and Turkey's energy relation is also in jeopardy following the hostilities. In the years leading up tothe downing of the Su-24, Russia was in talks with Turkey about building a natural gas pipeline, calledTurkish Stream, which would channel Russian gas underneath the Black Sea to Turkey and potentiallyfurther on to Southeastern Europe. The construction of the pipeline has, however, been delayed andwon't be completed anytime soon. Furthermore, Russia is Turkey's largest gas supplier. Turkey importsa total of 20 percent of its gas supply from Russia. Last year, Gazprom Export sold 27.33 billion cubicmeters of gas to Turkey. The termination of this energy trade could have drastic consequences forTurkey.The last possible reason could have to do with Putin viewing Turkey's actions as a "stab in the back" anda "breach of trust." The explanation is simple: since Russia no longer trusts Turkey, it will no longer dobusiness with them or consider them an ally. This reason does highlight Putin's more vulnerable side.But it also demonstrates the hypocrisy in the way Russia conducts its business. While Russia conductsunauthorized activity in its allies' territories, the same doesn't apply to Russia's allies. The mammothnation expects to get away with actions it deems unacceptable if committed by anyone other than itselfOver the past months, Russia has been constantly intervening in the Middle East with no clear motiveand a zero success rate of containing the clash. This could be because Russia's interests do not alignwith most of Syria's neighbors. Russia wants to protect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the Kurdsin the region. However, Turkey and other Middle Eastern countries have no interest in Assad's security.This conflict of interests in the region has not created an agreeable end result.In conclusion, there is a clear tussle of power between the leaders of the two nations. Neither of themseems to be in a forgiving or relenting mood. This is a standoff to the end. With Putin looking for a longand meaningful apology and Erdogan refusing to give one, any cooperation between Russia and Turkeyto combat terrorism seems far-fetched. What needs to be considered is which country has more to loseat the end of the long-drawn disagreement? Whichever country that is should look at the bigger pictureand adopt tactful diplomacy in the matter.Pranati Kohli is a College sophomore from New Dehli, India.