Illustration by Lydia O’NealAs college students at an elite university, we are undoubtedly busy with the many things that need to bedone before tomorrow. We are overwhelmingly focused on these things that we have to do, professorswe have to meet with, classes we have to attend and meetings we have to get to.With all of this, it is quite simple to live through our days in autopilot; we wake up, get ready for the day,grab breakfast, go to class, attend a club meeting, do homework, go to sleep and repeat. In this dailyroutine we are too stuck inside of our heads and only concerned with the end to our current path. Ourminds are too often set on our destination and where we are going. Of course it is important to havedirection, but it is also important not to forget what’s in-between and not to discount the things that areoutside of our destination. It seems that because of the other things we have to worry about, we arelacking engagement with the world around us and not thinking twice about it.The world is filled with things that should fascinate us, offering us nature, potential personal relationshipsand all of humankind’s creations, such as art, architecture and music. Emory’s campus is no exception,with beautiful greenery, flowering shrubbery, overzealous squirrels, impressive architecture (aside fromWhite Hall, of course) and so many people with intriguing backgrounds and spectacular goals. Yet everyday many of us overlook this.We must stop disregarding the world and people around us just because we are on our own path ofgetting things done. It is important to be aware, appreciative and inquisitive about everything around usinstead of blinding ourselves to it all. In German philosopher Martin Heidegger’s Being and Time, headdresses the importance of reflecting upon the world around us and how we connect with it in order todetermine what it means to “be.” His philosophy revolves around the idea of “being there” or “being in aworld” and he believes that we need to be concerned with the things around us and their original nature.He emphasizes that being aware of the environment around us and being able to think deeper about itand what it holds for us allows us to better consider our own place in the world.Walking around every day we accept our observations as they are, turn away, and give no secondthought about them. We do not truly observe the objects we come across and do not think about thedetail of the trees or the architecture or whatever other observations we may be making. There’s beautyin analysis of the things around us, the evaluation of them, considering how they got there and what theirplace in the world is. It is even as simple as saying, “I like this,” or, “I don’t like this,” and askingourselves why that is, or considering what makes something beautiful to us and what exhibits good orbad art. This allows us to connect with our world in a large way as we are coming out of our own headsand putting thought into what is outside of what we are doing immediately or where we are going.A huge part of our world where we are not engaged well enough is in our interactions with other people,especially when meeting new people. It is astounding to me how many times I have had a conversationwith someone one day only to walk past them at a later date and see them have no memory of ourprevious interaction. Often we only put half of the effort we should into our conversations, not enough forour brains to actually register the event. According to an article by The Guardian, it takes 10 seconds ofdevoted brain power to remember a person’s name. That being said, we very often have troubleremembering the names of others the first time. This of course might happen as a result of some of usjust having bad memories, but maybe this just goes to show that we are not working hard enough toreally try and connect with both the people we are talking to and the words they are saying. We convinceourselves that we are so busy that we don’t even want to spend 10 seconds attempting to remembersomeone’s name.Our engagement is lacking with others mainly because conversations are often had in the shadow of somany other distractions. It is too common to ask a question, and as the other is responding, turn to ourphone and check whatever notifications are begging to be checked. Often we listen to a person, and wedo not absorb any of the information, and many other times we are not even listening at all. Ourinteractions with others deserve more than half engagement, because we are missing out on theopportunity to really get to know some amazing people. It’s very enjoyable to actually become investedin getting to know a person and what they have to offer the world as opposed to having superficialconversations just to pass the time and forgetting everything that was talked about later on.Taking time to observe the world, to think about it and connect with it is almost a necessity and nothingother than a rewarding experience from which we can only benefit. We learn by observing, by interactingand by experiencing. The work that we do for our classes and the time that we put into activities iscertainly important, but it distracts us from the rest of the world. We must take the time to be moreconscious of everything and everyone we encounter and are surrounded by, because we are reallymissing out when we let it all pass us by.Tyler Teresi is a College freshman from Las Vegas, Nevada.