On February 28, 2015, Emory’s Black Student Alliance (BSA) held a Black History Month Gala at whichCollege freshman Raianna Brown performed an original dance routine. The performance was called “ICan’t Breathe,” in response to the killings of Michael Brown and Eric Garner by police officers.“I see an epidemic of racial injustices in our country and I wanted to say something about it,” Brownwrote in an email promoting her routine. According to Brown, dance is a language in itself and a way ofexpressing concepts. It was for this reason that Brown chose to express her thoughts on racial injusticeby choreographing and performing in the “I Can’t Breathe” routine.When Brown reached out to the artistic community, she found an abundance of other artists who wantedto make their voices heard. A total of 13 Emory students were involved in the performance. Collegesophomore Justin Moore, who also participated in the dance, revealed that the experience was movingfor the dancers because they all cared about the issue of racial injustice.“Their bodies became the vessels for which I would set my work,” Brown explained at the Black HistoryMonth Gala about the other dancers. “Tonight you will witness a collection of voices making our voicesheard through our movement.”Moore agreed that Brown’s goal of making the dancers’ voices heard was achieved. “Raianna reallywanted it to be a group of passionate people coming together to dance a piece instead of a group ofdancers coming together to mimic each other. So there was a lot of freedom to incorporate your ownstyle and technique,” Moore said.Brown grew up in Stone Mountain, Ga., but went to high school in downtown Atlanta. She is studyingboth industrial engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) and dance at Emory.“At first, I did have apprehensions about going to a technology school. Dance has always been a largepassion of mine so I wanted to continue to study it professionally in college,” Brown explained herdecision to study at two universities.Brown has been practicing dance for 15 years. In her first year of college at Georgia Tech, shemaintained her dancing at a local studio. She has been able to study dance at Emory while attendingGeorgia Tech as her home institution since the fall of 2014, due to the Atlanta Regional Council for HigherEducation (ARCHE) cross-registration program. ARCHE is an organization that strives to providestudents with opportunities to study in more than one of Atlanta’s numerous colleges.“Both of my schools are so willing to work with me to help me achieve my goals in both engineering anddance,” Brown said.Despite the support from the two universities, Brown is still concerned about the scarcity of blackstudents in her environment.I can’t help but notice when I walk into a room or around a campus and see no one that looks like me…It’s my inspiration to make the presence of people like me more prominent in these institutions.It is racial inequality that prompted Brown to express herself through dance at the Black History MonthGala. According to Brown, her anger and frustration caused by the inconsideration for black lives wastranslated into dance movements. Brown transferred those dance movements from her mind to thebodies of dancers so that her thoughts could be witnessed.Moore recalls one of the most memorable parts of the performance was when all the dancers shoutedthe names of those killed by police officers.“It was as if in that moment, we were fighting for our lives as well as those who have lost theirs,” Moorerecounted.The dancers seemed to be pleased with the outcome of their performance. “The response to the piecemoved me,” Brown said.“People told me the piece moved them and made them eerily uncomfortable because it made themreally think about what this atmosphere can do to the African-American youth.When asked about the role of dance in pushing social justice forward, Brown wholeheartedly agreed thatdance could have an important role. According to Brown, “resolutions to social justice issues begin withhonest and unfiltered conversation, and on stage that’s what we had with each other and with ouraudience.”Brown also stated that black students at predominantly white institutions should continue to assumepositions of power that will help push forth progress.“Black lives do matter, not only to us as black citizens, but to this country as a whole,” Brown said. “Anduntil that comes to fruition, we are only doing an injustice by silencing ourselves. Until then, we can’tbreathe.”— Ana Ioachimescu, Staff Writer