Photo Courtesy of Flickr Creative Common: crlsblncI have never understood the notion of college rankings. It is unfortunate that so many people relate aschool’s ranking to the potential held within for prospective students. Ranking can only express what isstatistically measurable. Students’ experiences cannot be reduced to quantitative measures alone.Assuming so would be as absurd as assuming we understand the life of an individual by only looking attheir outward actions. For what use is it, simply to aim at some objective external good, without payingany attention to the internal feelings and the virtues of the institution’s character?It has oft been repeated that what is most important is not any “objective” standard of the abstract notionof “goodness” in respectto a college so much as it is important to understand that one should find thecollege that “best fits” one’s personality. Like all clichés, this particular one holds within itself a grain oftruth: it is often the case that colleges are geared toward certain personalities. However, it is similarlyincorrect to presuppose that we might know beforehand, using quantitative measures, what college is a“best fit” for us; only by means of experience may we come to any such conclusions. Moreover, it iscompletely foolhardy to suppose that, at the age of matriculation, we should have developed a solidsense of “self” to which we should think ourselves to faithfully adhere. The tragedy of life is not containedin the knowledge that people change; it is, rather, to be found in the fear that they may stay the same.A college is not college in respect to any notion of “academic quality,” nor of the “quality” of one’sprofessors, nor of one’s peers. A college is a college in respect to the experiences one undergoes andhow these moments shape the individual’s character in turn. Truly, it is the accumulation of experiencesthat makes college worthwhile. No one college monopolizes the totality of beneficial experiences.Allinstitutions of higher education provide limitless potential for their students to be molded throughexperiences. Too much forethought and planning about ones future alma mater hinders the faculty of freechoice and individual will. It closes our minds off to new experiences simply because they are new anddenies us the opportunities which life has afforded us. Life is complex, and who knows what possibilitieslie before you like a sea of dreams – and your choice of college is but one small drop in the deep blueinfinitude.To those of you who did not receive the nod of approval from your first choice school: try not to dwell onthe opportunities you might have encountered at the school measured in red brick and entangled ivy.Relinquish your frustration, and prepare for a series of experiences that are immeasurable in nature. Andfor those of you who are not yet consoled, who have resolved to be bitter and weep over your misfortunethat you were overlooked at one place or another – cease from your lacrimation, for tears and bittersorrow impede the development of character. Those who allow themselves to be ruled by suchaccidental happenstance will never make a human out of a negative disposition, for the free life ismanifest in how one responds to contingencies and not how one controls them.Short of the Divine, all human things are temporal and imperfect: “King and Philosophers defecate, andso do Ladies.” Institutions likewise are afflicted with shortcomings, regardless of their rank. Some of usmay, with all pomp and circumstance, cloak ourselves with the immaterial substance of “prestige,” butremember that behind the cloak, we are naught but naked and shivering animals, struggling to make anorder out of a world fundamentally disarrayed. In other words, regardless of the rank of ones alma materthe only thing of consequence is the result. Should you ever think that you have missed the mark,remember that the fundamental Human Good is that of happiness. Happiness is a free spirit who shallnot allow herself to be controlled by human institutions but hovers and flits above and about us – weshould seize her with no delay, if only we should want it! Only turn your eyes skyward, for the Good islatent within everybody!Remember Socrates, grave in death! He needed no academy to live well; he needed no school to teachhim virtue, but rather, he unfolded from within himself what knowledge he could only believe was divinelygiven! Remember the equanimity with which he faced death, how calmly he of hemlock drunk – how hislast words represented the soul of a man, forever defiant. If he could face death with such ease, then doyou therefore please to face the vagaries and vicissitudes of life with joy, cheer and insuperable vivacity?