Film theorist Linda Williams writes on the concept of body genres, which are types of film that evokesome sort of physical reaction or, more specifically, an emotion that invokes a physical sensation. Thethree she points to are pornography (arousal), horror (fear) and melodrama (crying).I want to argue for a fourth to be added to that list, and it's the "activist" genre. This is a film that seeks todraw specific attention to a story (often a true one) that relates to a particular issue and get you fired up,inducing a righteous fury about getting out there and solving it.This year has seen a number of these sorts of films. Most recently, we have Spotlight, 99 Homes, Chiraq and the film I'm here to talk about — The Big Short. And trust me, I'm not sure any other film on thislist can embody the righteous fury of the activist film like The Big Short does.The Big Short tells the story of the 2008 global financial crisis through three interweaving stories aboutthe people who saw it coming. One storyline follows Michael Burry (Christian Bale), a former doctor andcurrent hedge fund manager who figured out what was on the horizon and put his whole fund at risktrying to cash in on it, fighting against everyone who didn't possess his foresight. Another storylinefollows Mark Baum (Steve Carell), a cynical money manager with a short fuse attempting to fight thesame system he's deciding to exploit. Baum is no fan of the excess of Wall Street and its seeminglyuniversal desire to screw over the people it's supposed to help, but he can't resist an opportunity to profitoff the inevitable blowup. The third storyline is about Charlie Geller (John Magaro) and Jamie Shipley(Finn Wittrock), two young upstarts who stumble upon the information and attempt to use it to buy theirway to the top with the help of Ben Rickert (Brad Pitt), an ex-Wall Street money manager and a currentsurvivalist who lives next door to Geller and Shipley.These stories are woven together with the help of Jared Vennett (Ryan Gosling), an eccentric Wall Streettycoon and a character that also serves as perhaps the most interesting narrative device I've seen insome time.It seems Vennett's just a fourth-wall breaking narrator, not unlike Martin Scorsese's Wolf of Wall Street'sJordan Belfort. But he's a fourth-wall breaking narrator with a little more power than just addressing theaudience. Weirdly enough, he seems to know the audience. At just the point of confusion, he explainswhat's going on. He knows what's in the audience's head, and confirms it, or chastises them for thinkingit. It's a power that translates to the whole film and speaks to perhaps the most absolutely impressiveelement of this film: Adam McKay.McKay as a director had largely been a part of the school of "filmed improv" comedy, with simplisticcamera moves and a form that allowed actor performance to dominate the construction of the film. Filmslike Anchorman, Talladega Nights and even The Other Guys, which showed a bit of stylistic flair, did notpoint at the director that McKay shows he can be for The Big Short.But The Big Short is a film that shows exactly what a director can do at their best, the absolute controland manipulation they can assert over the audience and the aspects of themselves they reveal within thevision they create. McKay's raging and righteous fury towards not only the people who perpetuated thiscrisis, but the institutions that allowed it to happen and even excused it, seeps and comes through everyaspect of this film. It's an angry film, and you feel it just as much as McKay does.Stylistically, it's a huge step forward for him. Taking as many cues from documentaries, hip-hop videosand Funny or Die videos as he does in the traditional narrative comedies he's made up until now, the filmis sloppy and tightly constructed in equal measures and in ways that absolutely don't contradict eachother. McKay's camera jaggedly jumps and glides across the unfolding events, never giving you anopportunity to look away or lose sight of what you're seeing. He knows the exact moments to break hisown narrative, partially because he's guided you to the point and partially because he knows you as anaudience member so well, and therefore, knows when to let his narrative play out. He lets every punchline, every reaction sit just a second too long to wash over and let the bad taste of what's going on sit inyour mouth. This is, of course, also thanks to cinematographer Barry Ackroyd and editor Hank Corwin,but McKay's voice,power and fury sit through every beat and word of the film.There are a lot of beats, and even more words. This is an extremely technical film, getting very deep intosome very complex economic ideas that will lose some of its audience, even with the use of celebritycutaways to help explain the specific financial mechanics that led to the crash. It's kudos to thefilmmaking that the film never slows down with the explanations, and it's also kudos to the acting.This is an ensemble film at its core, and while it may have a little more problem evenly splitting the creditthan something like this year's Spotlight, it still features a number of remarkable performances. Goslingas our narrator reminds us that he is capable of being an active actor, turning in a fine Wall Streetinspired comedic performance that is perhaps the absolute sleaziest he's ever been. Bale's Burry is asympathetic and fun collection of tics and quirks that leans right towards the edge of being caricaturisticwithout ever fully pushing into it. Magaro and Wittrock give good, if not great, performances alongsidePitt's also "good-not-great" performance, as I've got to confess that they're the weakest part of the filmitself.I want to, however, specifically shout out to Steve Carell who absolutely turns in his best dramaticperformance so far. It's exactly what the film leans into and needs: a character who is absolutely asfurious and cynical as the film itself. And Carell has as much confidence in his performance as the filmhas in itself. The desperate sweat that Carell had from his need to impress in Foxcatcher is gone, and heturns in a straight up phenomenal performance.This is a film that's difficult to write about. The Big Short is a sprawling and technically complex film thatabsolutely demands to be absorbed multiple times, and I've only been able to see it once. It's all boilingrage and demands for a call to action that hits you in the gut again and again. It has a next-level sense ofcraft that makes it difficult to even begin to understand in your first go around. It's an absolute surprise bycoming out of nowhere to be one of the best films this year.Get out and see this one over the holidays. And understand what's happened to us before, andunderstand that it can (but should never) happen again.GRADE: A