It is difficult to be happy at Emory. I recognize that I am extremely privileged to be a student here, and inno way do I intend to undervalue the education I am receiving, the faculty and staff who work hard tomake this university better and those individuals who are impacting the Emory community in a positiveway. All of these things are what will make Emory an even better academic institution in the future. Butthe truth of the matter is, for students to be happy at Emory, many different factors must align.The first factor is the desire to attend Emory. Often when I ask why people chose Emory, the responseis that they didn't get into their top choice college. Many of these are Ivy League institutions, leading tothe half-joking, half-serious labeling of Emory students as "Ivy League rejects." For some, Emory waseven a "safety school," or a school that they applied to knowing they would be accepted. Many studentsdid not desire Emory as their first choice, and a number of them are not happy to be here.A second problem is that Emory builds a reputation among students as a school that takes otheruniversities' rejected applicants. This is unfair to the University as an academic institution, which is onpar with and in some areas — such as biology and creative writing — outperforms schools with a higherranking. Emory deserves to be recognized for its academic merits, and the faculty here deserve creditfor the work they do to make Emory the way it is.Of course I am not saying that all students who choose to attend Emory wanted to attend anotheruniversity instead, and for those students whose first choice was Emory, I applaud their ability to seebeyond names of other universities and choose an institution based on its own merits and one that suitstheir needs. My concern is only that if students who attend Emory continue to perpetuate this idea ofEmory as subpar, a cycle of unhappiness will develop among the students here.The second major factor that contributes to a student's happiness at Emory is the financial security tosupport their education, whether they are able to pay or receive aid. Emory offers few merit-basedscholarships outside of the Scholars Program.For many of the students I have spoken with, financial aid is not as good as they would like it to be.Understandably, the level of financial aid that Emory can provide is not the same as that of state schoolsbecause it is a private institution, but increasing the number of merit-based scholarships would helpattract students to Emory and make them far happier. It is stressful to have to think about affordingtuition, housing and books on top of living expenses all while being a student. For some, the postgraduation years will be filled with paying back student loans that will, in some cases, be more than a fewyears of their starting salary. Money is always a source of stress, and the stress that finances cause onEmory students is another reason why the happiness of some students might be limited.The third major limiting factor to happiness at Emory is one's choice of major or area of study. It is nosecret that the stereotypical Emory student is on a pre-med or pre-business track. The stigma againsthumanities and social sciences majors is a topic for another editorial, but what many students don'trealize is that their choice of major could be limiting their happiness. To Emory's credit, there has been astrong push to increase promote areas of study in the arts departments, especially theatre, and activelyadvance these relatively small programs.However, if you find yourself in a medium-sized department that is just big enough for the University todeclare as successful but small enough that it is overlooked for funding and publicity, it can be difficult tofeel as though you are getting the same amount of attention as larger departments like biology andchemistry. For students in these areas it may be difficult to find classes that are relevant to their major orinterests due to a lack of available professors to teach these courses.Enrollment is stressful for every Emory student, but for students who only have one or two coursesbeing offered per semester that can count toward their major, the period before enrollment can be evenworse. Planning a course load for one of these medium-sized majors can be worse than trying to enrollin a class for one of the more popular majors, because there is a severe lack of substitute courses thatcould be taken in their place. This in turn makes it difficult, in some cases, to satisfy general educationrequirements.Aside from the three factors I've mentioned, there is another social factor that influences happiness here:an overwhelming desire to prove oneself in the context of Emory. As I've mentioned, many Emorystudents had dreams of attending other universities. I believe that many of the students here at Emorywould be successful at Ivy League institutions and that the same traits that would allow them to besuccessful there are driving them to create an environment that is highly stressful.Earning an A in every class is a difficulty for some students due to personal pressure, familial pressureor future career goals, yet it is an expectation that they set for themselves. They are then forced to makeup the difference. If they earn lower grades than other students, they participate in extracurricularactivities.Instead of treating school like their full time job, students take on other commitments in order to make thebest of their time at Emory, or perhaps to "make up" for not attending an Ivy League school, or even toget the most out of the large amounts of debt they are accumulating in order to be here. The unhappinessfelt as a result of the three previous factors not being fulfilled causes some students at Emory to mentallycompensate for their attendance here.Students often have this mindset so ingrained that they hardly notice it, which I feel poses a risk to theUniversity. By identifying Emory's three basic determinants of happiness and addressing the concernsof students struggling in these areas, the University can foster an environment in which students are lessstressed and more reflective of the academic level that Emory has achieved.Alli Buettner is a College junior from St. Louis, Missouri.