On Sept. 7 at 4:37 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a laptop theft atthe Woodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC). An individual left an Apple MacBook Pro in an unlocked locker onthe fourth floor between 2 p.m. and 3:30 p.m., and when the individual returned, the laptop was missing.The laptop is valued at $3,000.On Sept. 9 at 12:53 a.m., an EPD officer was flagged down by a female driving a Hyundai Elantra&lrm;.The driver told the officer that she had been working for Lyft, a ride-sharing service, when an individualdressed in a toga entered the vehicle holding an open container. The complainant said she refused todrive him with an open beverage container and told him to exit the vehicle three times. When theindividual left the vehicle, he slammed the door.On Sept. 10 at 4:06 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual who was soliciting femalestudents outside Robert W. Woodruff Library. According to the complainant, a male suspect was handingout business cards encouraging female students to compete in a modeling contest in late September fora $1,500 prize. By the time officers arrived at the location, the individual had left the area. The case hasbeen assigned to a detective.On Sept. 10 at 5:50 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcoholnear Robert W. Woodruff Library. When officers arrived at the location, they found a male individualvomiting into a trash can. The individual said that he had four or five drinks at Slice & Pint and waswalking through campus to catch a shuttle to Clairmont Campus. DeKalb American Medical Response(AMR) and Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene. The individual wastransported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Sept. 10 at 9:21 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcoholat Peavine Parking Deck. Officers came in contact with the individual, who was passed out in a vehicleand surrounded by vomit. EEMS and DeKalb AMR also arrived on the scene. The individual in thevehicle told the officers that she had been drinking at a graduate student party on McDonough Field butwas unable to drive her vehicle. The individual refused transport to the hospital, and officers transportedthe individual to her house. Campus Life was notified.