The millennial generation — Americans born between 1980-2000 — has a notorious reputation at thepolls: we don't vote. In the recent 2014 November midterm elections, only 36.3 percent of the nationalUnited States voting-eligible population voted. Among the millennial population of the country (18 to 29year old adults eligible), only 21.3 percent had voted in the midterms.Historically, midterm election turnout has been significantly lower than presidential elections; in the 2012presidential election, the youth turnout was 45 percent, but this number was still tremendously lower thanthe national turnout — 58 percent. The results of the midterm election could also simply have happenedbecause young Americans didn't deem it important enough. Personally, with the House and the Senatein a state of gridlock and hence unable to produce any result whatsoever, I will likely never vote in amidterm election. Why would it even matter if I did?But when the nation is expected to choose its future leader and Commander-in-Chief, one would expecta different turnout. Young people are usually eager to put their immediate mark on history, and we seethis here at Emory, with students pursuing their passions and garnering tremendous achievement inacademics, research, activism, athletics and much more. Normally, we would expect the same peopleto extend their influence in choosing the political future of our country.Unfortunately, these numbers also exist in presidential elections that would seem more likely to garneryoung people's interests — in the 2008 democratic primary elections, where 61 percent of those thatvoted in the primaries were over 45 years old.There could be a plethora of reasons why this turnout is so low among our nation's youth: apathy andlaziness inherent in any young adult, disillusionment with the status quo of American politics or simplythe belief that their vote "doesn't matter." None of these reasons are irrational. After all, there could betruth behind each of these beliefs.So why is it that youth voting is so much lower than national voting year after year? A big factor could bethe very recent lowering of the voting age from 21 to 18 in the 26th Amendment of 1970. It could be thatwe have yet to establish a voting culture among young adults fresh out of high school.A 2014 Harvard study published in the Economist stated that less than one-third of the youth populationthinks running for office is an honorable task, and more than two-thirds think politicians enter publicservice for selfish reasons. Many today may even stereotype politicians as conniving, power-hungryindividuals like Frank Underwood in the Netflix hit-drama House of Cards. And who would want someonethat imperfect to represent his or her interests?In George Washington's farewell address, he advised heavily against the presence of political parties inour government. Now, when we vote in a presidential election, we only have a choice of two parties witha chance of winning. Third parties play major roles in either destroying an election for one party, as wasthe case in the 1860, 1912 and 1996 presidential elections (and perhaps the 2016 presidential election ifDonald Trump fails to win the Republican primary), or raising awareness in an issue. But a third partyhas never won the presidential election, and since you want your vote to matter, why would you vote fora party that won't win?Young adults' brains are more likely to be satisfied by instant gratification than more mature adults, andthus are more likely to vote if they see a more direct and significant effect of their vote. In 2008, 18 to 29youth voting was two percent higher than the previous presidential election, and 66 percent of thispopulation voted for Barack Obama over John McCain, perhaps because it was a historic decisionbetween the two extremely charismatic candidates — the first African-American President or the oldestPresident.With seemingly another historic decision underway in this primary season, we may see millennialsmobilize to the polls yet again. As democratic socialist presidential candidate Bernie Sanders makes hissuccessful crusade in the democratic primaries, coming to a virtual tie with Hillary Clinton in Iowa andwinning a resounding victory in New Hampshire, we notice a general pattern. Democratic millennialdemocrats love Bernie. In the New Hampshire primaries, Sanders won 86 percent of the 18-24 agegroup vote while Hillary Clinton only won 14 percent.The reasons for this support range from his resolute opposition to economic inequality and to hugecorporate interests with major influence against his support for universal health care. Despite theastounding opposition he's faced during this campaign, he mainly maintains the same views he's hadthroughout his years as senator without wavering to outside pressures. His socialist "revolution"represents an alternative, and even if it's not a viable one, it's one that many millennials are willing to takea chance with.Ryan Fan is a College freshman from Stony Brook, New York.