Unlike the narrative spun by many on the national stage, the death of free expression on Emory'scampus is greatly exaggerated. The media's attention was pervasive and reductive — it rendered thetrue historical complexities of this campus into a simple, dominant and incomplete story ofhypersensitivity on college campuses.Moreover, the national conversation transformed the Trump chalkings, and the resulting protests, into thefailure of Emory as an institution. Emory's seeming abandonment of the ideals embodied by the FirstAmendment was wrongly emphasized by the media.To clear the air, Emory has safeguards in place to protect speech that is content neutral. The Respectfor Open Expression Policy, which governs free expression at Emory, unapologetically protects the rightto speak of all members of the Emory community to freedom of speech. As a matter of fact, the currentpolicy extends protections far beyond those granted by the First Amendment to individuals at publicuniversities. The First Amendment only protects speech from state action, such as a university policyprohibiting certain viewpoints or placing burdensome restrictions, while the Respect for Open ExpressionPolicy holds all community members to the same standard.However, unlike the First Amendment, the current policy has not been tried and tested. There is apotential for misuse in the fundamental lack of clarity of the current policy, due to its infancy. Thus far, theCommittee for Open Expression has done commendable work responding to controversial campusevents in order to elaborate on the meaning of the policy.Yet, there is much work to be done to ensure a change in committee membership or administrativeleadership would not allow for drastic shifts in the forms of expression that are protected. Of particularimportance is to draw clear lines for all community members as to what forms of expression are barredby the policy.The most notable example of such uncertainties is the policies prohibiting speech that is harassing innature. Harassment has different connotations in different contexts to different people. A change incommittee membership leaves open the potential for a change in interpretation.The community requires unwavering commitment by current and all future administrations to theRespect for Open Expression Policy, as anything vague and undefined may chill unpopular speech orfurther the dominance of majority view.The beauty of speech resides in its ability to facilitate thoughtful and open dialogue. That dialogue hasallowed engagement with history and context at Emory. It is through free dialogue that the narratives ofothers can be understood. Well-protected open expression is what enables the sharing of livedexperiences and the sharing of very real grievances that students of color face. Understanding thatrelationship between open expression and the conversation about racism allows us to understand theconversation that our community is having about this incident. However, this discussion about freedomof expression has a tendency to overshadow the necessary conversations that are happening and thatrequire our attention to inequality and grievances.It is clear that there is a tangible divide over the state of race on this campus. Yet in reading the nationalstory, there is no understanding of the very real history of racism at this school. The frustrations ofstudents of color are the product of an accumulation of regular incidents on our campus, the stress thatcomes with being a minority on a campus that is predominantly white and the fact that this institution onlyin relatively recent memory allowed their participation.In this lights, it becomes vital to understand that this issue is a part of a much larger conversation thatneeds to be had. Intent cannot be assumed on the part of these protesters; there are too manyindividuals searching for too many different things to grasp and attack any single issue. But there is onething heard loud and clear from all of them: "Listen to us, hear what we have to say."Our students have experienced their university president refer to the Three-Fifths Compromise as amodel of mutual concession. They have watched their peers on a campus TV comedy calling for the useof "lynching, tarring, feathering and cross burning." Along with the cumulation of these experiences,students have also brought national conversations to our campus to advocate for the advancement ofstudents and faculty of color through the list of demands and through the Racial Justice Retreat earlierthis semester. No single incident can be understood without the context of the history of Emory's racialclimate and the national conversations by which they are being affected and in which they areparticipating.Because of the lived experiences of students of color, incidents that may seem race-neutral to some areheavily racialized to minorities. Regardless of one's political stance, the name Trump alone to someAmericans has come to evoke fear and embody racism, Islamophobia, xenophobia and hate. This wasseen in two separate recent incidents at high school basketball games where the audiences chanted"Trump 2016" and held signs with Trump's face to intimidate the opposing teams which were heavilyHispanic and Latinx. There are also numerous examples of violence at Trump rallies, many of whichwere directed toward minorities. To deny that this candidate is a symbol of hate to some would be turninga blind eye to the current political climate and minimizing the damage done to marginalized groups.Freedom of expression is a tool that is important in changing the world, but it can simultaneously spreadmessages of hate. Despite this ugly truth, there cannot be a suspension of the free expression of thosewho seek to discuss. In the hindrance free speech, power is taken from ordinary people and given tothose who are already powerful, allowing them to decide who can say what and to perpetuate the statusquo. Freedom of expression is vital; through freedom of expression, activists are able to protest andchallenge what they see to be wrong. It is because of activists that the Emory community is able toparticipate in difficult and complex conversations, such as the state of race on this campus.It is through a strong sense of freedom of expression that the the necessary and tough conversationscan go from invested groups to popular discourse and move toward healing the divide this issue hashighlighted. Beneficial and responsible engagement requires speech that understands the other side anddoes not seek to silence nor divide. That is how any community must responsibly utilize this power. Wemust listen as well as speak.This can be done only if proper and responsible policies are ensured that protect the speech of ourstudents, our faculty and our staff no matter which way the wind may blow. Protecting thesemechanisms for the future so this community can continue to engage with the most pertinent issues iskey to ensuring not only the ever-forward march of progress but also to protecting the perpetual searchfor truth that is at the heart of academic pursuit. Let us continue to participate in dialogue and challengethe world we live in.As students, we endeavor not only to develop our practical knowledge and political views beforegraduation; we strive also to cultivate our moral beliefs. Meaningful discussion can exist only in thepresence of open expression — and we can grow as thinkers, as citizens and as humans with not onlythe allowance but the encouragement of that discourse. It is not merely the fate of the country that relieson free speech; our virtue is contingent on it.The above staff editorial represents the majority opinion of the Wheel's editorial board. No staff memberinvolved in reporting or news coverage of related events participated in deliberations.