Image | Google ImagesThis election cycle has been marked by extremely competitive primaries and intraparty squabble.Reading angry social media posts discoursing a primary candidate is unavoidable. But come ElectionDay, each party will have nominated a candidate to represent their respective party, and we, supportersof both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, urge you to consider voting for the Democratic nominee, evenif you had previously supported a different candidate.Democrats believe that President Obama has pushed us in the direction of progress. The AffordableCare Act has reduced the uninsured rate to under 10 percent, and we believe that if a Democraticcandidate is elected, he or she will put us closer toward universal coverage. Although some Republicanshave offered a few principles of their ideal healthcare system, they have no intention to build onDemocratic progress, but instead to re-litigate the issue. Repealing the act, for which Republicans haveuniformly called, would remove coverage from the 17 million newly-insured Americans. The Democraticcandidates recognize that affordable health care is a human right and are committed to improving andmoving forward with the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid expansion.President Obama also raised the minimum wage for a limited number of federal contract workers.Democratic presidential candidates are united in acknowledging the need to raise the $7.25 federalminimum wage nationwide. John Kasich is the only Republican candidate in the race who supports amodest minimum wage increase at the state level, but the vast majority of Congressional Republicansare opposed to any federal increase. A Democratic president is our only chance to give millions of lowwage workers a much needed raise.A Democratic president will also build on the global framework to address climate change that wasagreed upon at the 2015 Paris Climate Conference late last year. Both Democratic presidentialcandidates have ambitious plans to combat climate change and to shift the nation's energy productiontowards more renewable sources. Republicans, on the other hand, have been critical of the Parisframework and are divided on whether climate change is a real phenomenon. The issue is not even onthe forefront for most of them.The Democratic candidates want to address the issue of terrorism in the domestic and globalperspective, and they understand America's diversity; they want to unite us to defeat terrorists.Domestic terrorist attacks and the threat of the Islamic State have led Republicans to take a harsh toneon issues of immigration and domestic surveillance. We have to be mindful that we cannot alienate ourallies in affected regions by equating them with our enemies. While most policy decisions requirecongressional sanction, the president has the most flexibility in conducting foreign affairs. The presidentis the leader representative of our country, and America's global image depends on electing a temperateleader who will prioritize not only the lives of Americans, but all affected by the threat of terrorism.Similarly, Democrats understand that the American people are war-weary. Most Americans do not wantto commit U.S. combat troops to another foreign entanglement. Republican candidates on the campaigntrail have spoken about our adversaries with bluster. We believe the Democrats will take a prudentapproach that considers the potential ramifications of military action. Diplomatic and coercive effortsmust first be exhausted. Our Democratic candidates share this belief, as evidenced by their unity on theIran nuclear deal, the normalization of relations with Cuba and the agreement that led Syria's leader,Bashar al-Assad, to agree to destroy Syria's chemical weapons.The Democratic presidential candidates also have a more progressive approach to immigration reform.They recognize that the immigration system has been negatively impacting families, tearing them apartand leaving them without viable options to achieve a reasonable standard of living. They are committedto immigration reform that is humane — that protects families, ends private detention centers andpromotes a path to citizenship. The rhetoric in this election has alienated many Americans. Rather thaninsisting that we "build a wall" to keep immigrants out, the Democratic candidates recognize the humanrights of immigrants, legal and illegal, and seek solutions to immigration issues in the United States byprioritizing these rights.We also believe that electing a Democrat will help strengthen and protect both LGBT rights and women'sreproductive rights. The recent Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges declared same-sexmarriage to be a fundamental constitutional right. While Democratic candidates support this decision assettled law, many of the leading Republican contenders have vocally spoken out in favor of overturningthis decision. Democrats have also advocated giving sexual orientation protected status againstdiscrimination in housing, employment and public accommodation. Attempts have been initiated at thecongressional level, with the Equality Act of 2015, and the president's Justice Department has attemptedalso to extend these protections under existing law. A Democratic president will continue this push. AllRepublican candidates have supported the recent Congressional efforts to limit abortion rights. Theyhave signaled also their support for Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, even though PlannedParenthood provides low-cost reproductive care to millions of people each year. We believe this movewould be harmful to many Americans. Without Democratic leadership, the rights of women and LGBTpeople are gravely in danger.Democrats seek to protect the rights of those who have been marginalized in the United States. Theyare committed to reforming the criminal justice system and addressing systemic racism. Republicancandidates' racial rhetoric through this election season has been inflammatory and offensive, and theDemocratic candidates have recognized and criticized this behavior. On Republican candidates'websites where they lay out their positions, racial justice is not even addressed. There should be noquestion that racism in America is alive and well, and we need a president who recognizes this issue.While everyone may not agree on which candidate may make the best president, the dichotomybetween the parties could not be more clear. If you want a president who will ensure all Americans haveaccess to quality, affordable healthcare, who will provide thoughtful leadership on a global scale and whowill protect and strengthen the rights of marginalized communities, vote Democrat this November.This editorial was collaboratively written by Emory Students for Bernie Sanders and Emory University forHillary. It represents the majority views of both these organizations.Josh Niemtzow is a College senior from Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, and Julia Skye is a Collegefreshman from Baltimore, Maryland.