"I believe there are some places where the wall is thinner between this world and the next … I thinkevery single song we write is just trying to figure out how to reach it. How to touch it. How to stay there."Not many bands can get away with saying something so cloyingly saccharine — but then again, notmany bands can back it up with a triple-platinum record like "How to Save a Life," the musical equivalentof a Hallmark movie that delivers the right punch to the gut even on the hundredth listen. Watching TheFray at the Tabernacle with frontman Isaac Slade seated lovingly at his piano, backlit as a ghostlysilhouette against a stage seemingly shimmering with stars, it doesn't take much to buy what they'reselling.This, after all, has been the cornerstone of The Fray's global success — their unnervingly keenfamiliarity of how the ear and heart are tethered tightly together, needing scarcely more than a fewopening guitar strums or piano notes to evoke powerful nostalgia for something, or someone, youthought you'd gotten over years ago. It's not particularly complex, but it doesn't need to be. It's biological,innate, irresistible, the defining characteristic of hits from similar acts like Mat Kearney and Five forFighting.Formed in 2002, The Fray is not a band still casting about in search for a concrete identity. It is quite theopposite. Again and again their alternative rock style has produced, to the point of monotony, balladsfeaturing mid-tempo percussion, fluttering falsettos, the occasional key change and Slade's (over)use ofhis signature sandpaper growl in a hit-or-miss attempt at capturing the angst of the entire world'sadolescent population.Of course, it is these ballads — "Syndicate," "Look After You," "You Found Me," "Never Say Never" —that we pay to sing loudly and unabashedly along to. The Fray has undoubtedly shed the one-hit wondermoniker, but must now wrestle with their decade-old achievements overshadowing more recentcompositions which, in comparison, boast more volume but less everything else: less emotionalgravitas, memorability, organicity.Their fourth studio album, 2014's Helios, makes a concerted foray into more aggressive territory and attimes even triumphs with thumping, stadium-scale anthems "Hold My Hand" and "Love Don't Die"; in themidst of the latter, Slade clambers atop his piano and invites guitarist Joe King to share a shot ofwhiskey ("He's worried 'cause I'm contagious with my cold — I understand"). Yet there is alarmingly littlesubstance behind the more jagged sound and forceful bombast; when juxtaposed against How to Save aLife and The Fray, their new material descends to filler — opportunities to take bathroom breaks and refilldrinks masquerading as songs.Poignant, authentic moments salvage the night, highlighted by seamless transitions between songs andhypnotically lovely harmonies. Following "How to Save a Life," the band curtains off the stage, conveningon stools arranged in a small circle for a series of stripped-down, intimate acoustic performances. King'ssmoother, more soulful vocals shine in the exquisitely tender "Heaven Forbid," compelling one to wonderwhy he is relegated merely to backing vocalist.David Foster Wallace said, "I have this unbelievably five year old's belief that art is just absolute magic.And that good art can do things nothing else in the solar system can do." And, after watching an entirearena bathed in a deep, dream-like cerulean, hearing 2,000 people call out with aching vulnerability,"Where did I go wrong/I lost a friend/Somewhere along in the bitterness … " I am inclined to believe him.The energy and dynamism picks back up in the encore. As the venue explodes into the chorus of "OverMy Head (Cable Car)," one is overcome with the sensation that this is a moment of uninhibited catharticrelease, as much from the lackluster buildup of the past two hours as it is from the listener's personalhardships.In their early years, The Fray admitted their name was representative of a songwriting process rife withconflict and disagreement. They have since done well to bridge these divides, and this reparative themeextends to their work. Despite attempts to distance themselves from their Christian roots, there is surelysomething religious about how, through music, The Fray exercises the ability to heal, finding those whoneed it and soothing that which hurts most. It's certainly not perfect, but we cling to it anyway."Someday … someone is going to walk into your concert hall and bring you a mind that is confused, aheart that is overwhelmed, a soul that is weary. Whether they go out whole again will depend partly onhow well you do your craft," Karl Paulnack famously said in a speech to Boston Conservatory freshmen.While I wouldn't say I left the Tabernacle whole again, I did leave feeling slightly less broken. And thereinlies the magic.Rating: 3/5