On March 22 at 7:11 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding suspiciousactivity at Clairmont Tower. A student said that she had been hanging out with a friend; when the friendgathered his belongings and left, the student realized that one of her room keys was missing. Thestudent had her locks changed later that eveningBetween March 24 and March 26, EPD received numerous reports of financial transaction fraud linked toaccounts of individuals affiliated with the Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing. Multiple studentsreported that fraudulent transactions were made through their accounts on the Uber app and on a varietyof websites including zsook.com, norton.com, cupid.com, strawberry.com and dominos.com. The casehas been assigned to an investigator.On March 24 at 6:23 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at Woodruff Library. A student saidthat he had left his location in the library every 30 minutes to smoke and when he returned, his BeatsSolo2 headphones, valued at $140, were stolen. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 24 at 6:23 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious package on Burlington Road.Officers determined that the package was an empty cardboard box.On March 26 at 1:24 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint at 18 Eagle Row. Officers met with theSigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity president, who said he would lower the music coming from thehouse. Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 2:00 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding broken bottles in the parking lot behind theAlpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) fraternity house at 17 Eagle Row. Officers also discovered broken bottles on thebaseball field. Officers attempted to meet with the fraternity chapter president, but he could not belocated. Officers met with another member of the fraternity, who said that they would clean up the area.Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 2:52 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an underage individual under the influenceof alcohol at Hopkins Residence Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, the female student had beenshaking and vomiting for an hour and a half. The student had been drinking at a party at an unknown offcampus location earlier in the evening. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital.Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 4:12 a.m., EPD responded to a phone call made by a disoriented individual who hadbeen at Emory University Hospital. The individual claimed that there was a bomb inside the HealthSciences Research Building (HSRB). Officers met with the caller, who had been in the emergency roomprior to making the phone call. The HSRB was searched, but officers did not locate anything suspicious;officers were led to believe that the information the individual had provided was inaccurate.On March 27 at 8:17 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a hit-and-run that occurred at theintersection of Clifton Road and Eagle Row. A driver was traveling south on Clifton Road and waiting fora pedestrian to cross the crosswalk when his vehicle was hit from behind, according to the driver whowas hit and whose rear bumper was damaged. The other vehicle then accelerated and continued southon Clifton Road. The case has been turned over to an investigator.