Leonardo DiCaprio's strong presence in Hollywood was fortified by his Oscar win for his role in TheRevenant earlier this year. He used his acceptance speech to raise awareness for his next project,stating, "Climate change is real, it is happening right now. It is the most urgent threat facing our entirespecies …" In his new documentary Before the Flood co-produced with director Fisher Stevens,released Oct. 21, DiCaprio commits to his role as a United Nations Messenger of Peace, traveling toopposite poles of the Earth to raise awareness about climate change.DiCaprio starts off by stressing that climate change is not fictional like his films. The world is its stage,and we don't have the convenience of changing locations as movie producers do when climateconditions become forbidding. The film's tone is rather despairing, as we view the raw damage that hasalready been inflicted to our planet, from the melting ice caps in Greenland and the Arctic Circle to theincineration of forests for palm oil in Indonesia.Though disheartening to viewers, the unfiltered footage of natural habitat destruction is the film'sstrongest point. The ocean's ghostly, barren reefs and Canada's desolate tar sands are ugly updates tothe our planet's fractured mosaic under the pressures of climate change, caused by practices such asred meat preparation and oil dumping, an issue many have chosen to ignore out of convenience or formonetary gain.The film takes a break from displaying the dismal results of climate change to expose the flow of moneyfrom fossil fuel corporations to Congress members, who block bills advocating for environmentalprotection. Whether the disbelievers in Congress whom the film calls out are actually blinded by thedream that climate change isn't real or are simply too comfortable in their money from lobbyists to wakeup, it is made clear that they will not budge until the flood, in whatever form that takes, hits them. Theproducers of Before the Flood must hope viewers who were drawn to the film by DiCaprio's name stayedfor the substance and not just the shots of him, as even his star power is not likely to attract or convertmany adamant deniers. Before the Flood is an earnest alarm, but it is merely an echo of climatologists'many warnings before on which climate change deniers have hit snooze.Before the Flood harbors one fault: the solutions suggested by experts to rehabilitate the environmentaldamage inflicted on Earth seem implausible. Tesla CEO Elon Musk offers hope in discussing renewableenergy, a path to which many European countries such as Germany, Denmark and Sweden havecommitted.The problem is funding such a switch — and while the suggestion of a carbon tax to funddevelopment of renewable energy is explained logically, legislative enforcement would prove difficult, asclimate change critics would fervently block such action in Congress. DiCaprio may have traded in hissuits and red carpets for parkas and the great outdoors, but his efforts might not stand against the suitsthat run our world: politicians influenced by big money.The film offers insight from those who are concerned about climate change: environmental scientists andactivists such as Michael E. Mann and Sunita Narain, world leaders like President Obama and Chinesecitizens who commute amidst suffocating smog. The intellectual conversations take a humanistic turnwith NASA's Earth Sciences Division Director Piers Sellers. As an astronaut, he fondly describes"seeing all the cities at night, all the people…" and then, in "the day, seeing the natural systems…" as "akind of revelation." Sellers reminds viewers how small and fleeting we are in this unimaginably vastuniverse, inspiring them to coalesce to focus on the well-being of our world, a blue planet brimming withlife against the bleak, black backdrop of space.Before the Flood concludes with a surge of optimism: streams of brainpower from environmentalresearchers coupled with the thundering voices of environmental activists may be able to break the damof ignorance amongst negligent corporations and politicians before the literal floods set in. The images inthis film are vivid and expansive, captivating viewers with shots that encapsulate the sheer naturalbeauty of our planet and conversely shocking them with the ravaged wastelands human developmentleaves in its wake.Juxtaposing these massive landscapes are more intimate shots: the weathered faces of Indian farmerswhose crops have been lost to increased rainfall show how painfully ways of life are being washed away,while the blissfully innocent smiles of Indonesian children on islands facing flooding are blank canvaseswhich tell stories of future hardship. Before The Flood is a film we all have a role in, and the direction theplot takes for the cast that follows us depends on how we face the common foe of climate change today.DiCaprio has diverged from the fiction and flashiness of movie stardom and created a documentaryabout mankind's destruction of the planet in hopes that it will awaken the humanity in all of us.Grade: A