For those unaware, or perhaps all too aware if you've picked up most any copy of the Wheel in the pastyear, my chief profession is as a film critic and, as of late, we film critics seem to have gotten quite a bitof negative attention from certain fan-based corners of the internet, mostly thanks to a recent blockbusterfilm that I pledge will go unnamed throughout this piece.But the aforementioned recent blockbuster displayed a rather wide disparity between the audience andcritical reactions, and that disparity seemed to inspire all manner of reaction. Dispensing first with theridiculous notion that critics were paid off by rival companies to hate it, because critics are rarely paid foranything by anyone, this still lets us see plenty of accusations of bias. That critics are actively furtheringa conspiracy against said blockbuster to say bad things about it is a little ridiculous.What specifically disturbs me is that a group of critics are being accused of holding biases — in anegative way. Critics are being told they're biased against a company or a director or a property, and Ifeel the urge to make a statement that I thought was obvious:It's absolutely okay for a critic to be biased.Really. It is. Let's remove the stigma from that word by understanding the actual implications of what itmeans to be biased.First, we must understand what bias is fundamentally. Bias, as the word is often used, seems to be apejorative against the idea of having some partiality towards one idea or another. If it's clear that, as justone example, I as a film critic have never liked the work of Tom Hooper (the overrated hack that broughtus Les Miserables and The Danish Girl), then it's very unlikely I'm going to come into any of his filmswith any particular warmth, and I could therefore be said to hold bias against him and his œuvre.This natural tendency enters into every form of writing that requires someone to share their personalexperiences in not-so-insidious ways. A food critic's hatred of fried foods means that he or she is muchless likely to get along all that well with Guy Fieri. A liberal political commentator is much less likely togive a positive spin on something the Republican Party did. It's the subjectivity of experience that makesgiving those opinions valuable it's getting a chance to see the reflection of someone's internal thoughts.The key word in all this is subjectivity. When we think about journalism, we should think about it in termsof both objective and subjective journalism. What I've mostly discussed until now is subjectivejournalism, or a presentation of the world influenced by the person who is presenting, filtered through theirlifestyle, philosophy or experiences. Objective journalism is that of which we think when we discussthings like news coverage; it is a presentation of factual information uninfluenced by personal thought ordesire to the best of that writer's ability.Now you're starting to get the idea. When we're presenting some unique experience, there's absolutelynothing wrong with presenting it through your own filter because that's just how it works. Of course areview is biased — reviews by their very nature are biased. An unbiased review is a listing of facts aboutsomething, and who the hell wants to read that?As humans, understand that subjectivity and bias is our default state. Bias is part of what makes usspecial, that we have a unique experience of the world that we understand. Objectivity is something thatwe have to strive towards, and isn't even fully possible in our most objective moments.Objective reporting is certainly a reporter's goal, but understand that the simple act of choosing to reporton a story or even the facts that you include in a story is subjective or biased. What we deem importantis just as much a biased choice as what we personally think about something.So, how do we reconcile that notion? We believe that there should be some form of objectivity in the waypeople present things to us, so that we can decide the validity for ourselves. But if there is no way to evertruly be objective, how can someone reconcile that fundamental fact of life?By getting over it.Bias is immensely vital to our experience of the world, and understanding bias is understanding thatworld. We shouldn't try to stop it, because we can never really get rid of it. As long as we are human, weare biased.Brandon Wagner is a College senior from Huntsville, Alabama