Graphic Courtesy of Google ImagesIn a recent op-ed titled "If We're Going to Talk About Abortion This Election Year," the author implies thatpro-lifers oppose abortion as "a façade under which they continue the archaic and outlived practice ofcontrolling women." This theory that pro-lifers are sexist against women is a convenient one that proabortion groups love to use, but it ignores the facts. A recent poll of about 1,000 random Americansactually found that around 40 percent of women identify as pro-life on abortion, while 48 percent of menidentify as pro-life. Certainly, the gender gap is clear, but these facts don't suggest that the pro-lifemovement is driven by sexism. If pro-lifers oppose abortion in order to suppress women, isn't itsomewhat odd that 40 percent of women identify as pro-life? Suggesting that pro-lifers are driven bysexism may sound reasonable on the surface, but the numbers simply do not support this claim.The accusation of sexism also distracts from the substance of the debate. In a debate over this highlycharged moral issue, intentions matter. To pro-lifers, abortion is literally a matter of life and death, andgroundlessly claiming that the other side opposes abortion because they want to control women blatantlymisrepresents the intentions of the pro-life movement. As expected, there will be a small number ofpeople with bad intentions in any debate — on both sides of the issue. However, suggesting that sexismunderlies the pro-life movement is as preposterous as claiming that the desire to kill children underliesthe pro-abortion movement.Now, in the op-ed, the author does make an argument that sounds reasonable on the surface. But onceyou consider what the argument is actually saying, it falls apart. First, as the author herself admits, thechild has the ability to survive outside the mother's womb at 24 weeks, "thanks to advances made inmodern medicine." However, the author states that, prior to 24 weeks, the child's "survival is entirelycontingent on the mother," and "[t]he right to abort during this stretch should not be taken away." So, inother words, the author is claiming that the child can be aborted as long as he or she is still dependent onthe mother. Why, though, does the child's dependence on the mother have anything to do with whetheror not the child is considered alive? Does dependence indicate a lack of life? Indeed, if we were to followthis logic, wouldn't that mean that any human who is disabled and bedridden is not alive? In actuality, thisdependence argument could easily be applied to both cases. Children are still dependent even after theyare born. If we placed a five-year-old in the middle of a forest without any support, the child probablywouldn't survive very long. Does this mean that the five-year-old is not alive? Of course not! I wouldnever suggest that abortion supporters believe in killing five-year-old children, but it's tough to justify theselective application of this argument only to children inside the womb.It's also important to understand why pro-lifers oppose abortion. It is not because of sexism. As a prolifer myself, I can tell you exactly why I oppose abortion: because I believe that God creates each andevery child inside the womb at conception, and I believe that to end the life of any child inside the wombis murder. Simply put, I oppose killing a child inside the womb for the same reason I oppose killing a childoutside the womb. We continue to oppose the Supreme Court ruling on Roe v. Wade for the samereason abolitionists opposed the Supreme Court ruling on Dred Scott v. Sanders: because the SupremeCourt is not God, and it is not perfect. The Court is perfectly capable of making a flawed decision, just asit did in Dred Scott, and just as it did in Roe v. Wade.In comparison, liberals often say that it's better to not administer the death penalty in case the convictedperson is innocent. We know that the child in the womb has not committed any crimes, and yet liberalsdon't seem to apply the same argument to the child. I do understand that abortion supporters have goodintentions behind their support of abortion and are genuine in their beliefs. If we are going to discussabortion, great! Pro-lifers and pro-choicers both have arguments that they wish to make. I simply askthat pro-lifers be granted respect in acknowledging that, even though we disagree with abortionsupporters, we have good intentions.Austin Holley is a College freshman from La Porte, Texas.