I have nobody but myself to blame for paying to sit in a nearly empty theater on a Monday night to seethe dull disappointment of a film that is The Darkness. Despite the fact that The Darkness is currentlysitting at a six percent approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, I had to see it because I am a sucker forhorror films based around Native American mysticism. Unfortunately, The Darkness is your run-of-themill Blumhouse Productions film, lacking unpredictability and squandering the potential it does have.Directed by Greg McLean (Wolf Creek, Rogue), the film stars Kevin Bacon and Radha Mitchell, the latterwith whom McLean worked on Rogue. The story is centered on the Taylors, a family that vacations inthe Grand Canyon to visit some friends. While exploring, the young son, Mikey (David Mazouz)stumbles upon five obsidian stones in a cavern and takes them home to Los Angeles. The family beginsto experience paranormal phenomena around the house, and Mikey begins to act strangely, speaking toimaginary friends and drawing symbols on the wall. At first, the family chalks up these changes toMikey's autism spectrum disorder, but soon realizes that their home is being besieged by five NativeAmerican spirits who are using Mikey to bring themselves into the world so they can subjugate anddestroy humanity.Bacon is as charismatic as always in the role of the father and unfaithful husband, Peter Taylor. Mitchellgives the standout performance in the film as Mikey's mother, Bronny Taylor, and I would have loved tosee more of her character in a film better than this one. Mazouz is solid in the role of Bronny and Peter'sson, Mikey, portraying a character whose personality changes scene to scene.Despite being presented as your average mysterious poltergeists in most scenes of the film, the spiritsare trying to bring about an apocalypse by torturing mankind with horrific visions until everyone killsthemselves. However, while checking off everything on the ghost film tropes checklist, the film forgetsthat its central antagonists are essentially gods. For instance, the spirits collectively name themselves"Jenny" when revealing themselves to Mikey, which was completely laughable. The spirits don't seemtoo bright either, since they create a portal to their dimension in the only location where their oneweakness is exposed, which felt like a forced deus ex machina to resolve the drawn-out climax. Whenthese spirits act so illogically, any tension they could have cultivated with their presence is undermined.And if you're hoping for some striking sequences or terrifying moments, there are none to be found. Thefilm is content to follow the usual horror film beats to a T, wasting a fairly solid premise that is ripe forcrafting genuine fear.An interesting sociocultural commentary that could have been intertwined in such a film is the clashbetween the constantly expanding modern suburbia and the callous treatment of Native Americancultures and their heritage sites. But, unlike the much better Wolfen, The Darkness is not interested inhaving any meat to back up its frail skeleton of a story. While Wolfen had the subtext of encroachingmodern capitalism threatening to suppress Native American cultures, The Darkness reveals nothingbeneath its surface; instead it simply moves from one jump scare sequence to the next. The film relieson clunky expositions and contrived plot points , such as characters engaging in poorly shot montageswhere they watch YouTube videos or talking about exorcisms at company dinners, to hold it together.For all its misfires, there are a few elements that work despite how poorly they are handled. I'm alwaysslightly unnerved by the old "creepy figure in the background of a picture" scare, which is common tothese kinds of films. The spirit designs are also eerie in the few fleeting moments when they are onscreen, though they are usually relegated to being stills in the YouTube videos that the characters watch.Rather than allowing the protagonists to see these demonous spirits themselves, the filmmakers insteadhave the characters sit down and watch documentaries explaining the mythology. It feels clunky andforced, falling into the trap of "telling" instead of "showing."Though this film has an intriguing premise, there unfortunately wasn't anything to hold my attention andkeep me on the edge of my seat like other films in the Native American horror sub genre. The Darknessis just a meandering slog to sit through. Lay these spirits to rest and watch something else.Grade: D