I'm not one for writing about politics, but given the recent onslaught of violent events, I felt I had to saysomething.These last few weeks have been weeks from hell. Police have taken lives and lost their lives. Therehave been terrorist attacks in Istanbul, Dhaka and Nice. Hundreds of innocents have died because oforganizations and individuals that espouse hatred and ignorance.This week has mattered. It's brought attention to injustice in America. It's brought attention to the crueltythat can befall society when we are not vigilant. And I think that to a certain extent this week has broughtmy attention to the power of love.Yes, love.I sat in the car today, reading about how an Emory student in my marketing class had been killed in theterrorist attacks in Dhaka. We had never been close friends, but we had shared experiences. Weanswered the same questions in class, worked together on the same projects. Many of his struggleswere my struggles. I felt his presence in class, and I knew that he had a kind soul and a caring heart.And after reading of his death, I was incredibly overcome by the realization that I would never again havethe chance to know him, to understand him truly. I would never again have a chance to sit down and tellhim that I appreciated him.Don't miss that chance.Right now, people are angry. They have a right to be. But each of these unspeakable acts wascommitted by individuals riddled with animosity towards a people that they did not value or understand. Iknow it seems like something horrendous is happening everyday. However, these deplorable individualsand the atmosphere of fear and negativity that they collectively create are not typical. Constant mediacoverage of these tragedies has overshadowed the goodness that I believe every human trulypossesses.We must overcome this hatred. The proverbial saying that one spoiled apple can ruin the whole bunchmust not hold true. Change will come from mutual understanding and acceptance, not violence andhatred. Be understanding. Be compassionate. Do not let the others' negative voices drown out your hopeand your passion.Your life matters. Your life matters because you are a human being wielding the power to make adifference in the lives of others. Appreciate the small things. Hug your mother. Hug your brother. Show astranger a random act of kindness. Tell someone that you love them. Life is a gift, a blessing bestowedupon us at the beginning of each day. Therefore, appreciate those who are around you and soak in theirpresence, because in spite of all the evil there is still good.In these difficult times, broadcast your hope and optimism louder than any radio signal. Overshadow thewords of reporters with your own expressions of peace. Do not let this hatred overcome you and do notbe discouraged! Remember, do good unto others, and good things shall come.If we come together as a positive force, change shall soon waken upon the horizon.