And there goes Halloween, a wonderful time of the year filled with candy, parties and visiting thepresident's hou — oh, that didn't happen this year. Anyways, as we depart these wonderful days ofpumpkin everything, we enter a rather awkward phase: too late to celebrate Halloween, too early to getinto the Christmas spirit. Nevertheless, fun is not a date on a calendar but rather an experience that canbe had at any time.Dear Doolino,Well that was an interesting past few days. I decided to dress up as Harambe for Halloween (asomewhat antiquated joke at this point, to be brutally honest). Let's just say I … had a few too manycups of punch. One thing led to another and although I don't remember the details, I woke up the nextday having spent 55 dollars on the adoption certificate of a Bengali tiger. Oh, and with 230 seconds ofabsolutely humiliating Snapchat videos!What do I do? How can I show face around my social circle?Yours truly,One Punch ManDear One Punch Man,You were drinking punch? What is this, elementary school?Let's be honest, buying a tiger is the best thing you could have done when intoxicated. Embarrassingdrunken shenanigans are the cornerstone of college life. You may be embarrassed now, but think aboutit this way: everybody has done something in their life that has totally mortified them to the point wherethey have had the exact same mindset as you.Let me tell you a little story. There was once this cute skeleton girl sitting across from me at WoodruffLibrary (my 206 bones became 207 that day). Here I was in a trance, thinking of all the things I would doto that ribcage, until suddenly she comes straight to me and slaps me across the face — I had beenstaring at her chest this whole time! Everyone in the library laughed at me and my face was completelyred despite my lack of blood vessels.If someone oh so wise as me can commit such a perverted and embarrassing act when totally sober,imagine what the rest of the student body has done? That kid next to you in NBB 301? Probably took adump in a mug when he was desperate and the toilet was too far. That girl in your archaeology lab? I'mwilling to bet money she lost a few hundred dollars falling for the Nigerian prince scam that landed in heremail inbox.Shame is ubiquitous, but it doesn't defines who you are. As long as you have learned from the sting ofthis experience and endeavor to know your limits when it comes to alcohol consumption, you have noreason to feel embarrassed around your friends, whom I can guarantee have done far stupider things.Yours sincerely,DoolinoDear Doolino,I haven't slept before 2 a.m. in several weeks. My eyelids continue to droop and my morale continues todrop. I have tried my best to sleep at 11 p.m. or some sort of sane hour, but even on days when I wakeup early I simply can't find it in me to get into bed at a decent time. Maybe it's because I listen to a lot ofheavy metal before I go to bed.As a result, I mope around all day feeling fatigued, and it's really impacting my social life. Additionally, myacademics are taking a big hit.How do I stitch my life back together?Ever faithfully,SleepnotDear Sleepnot,Your academics surely are not taking a hit judging by the wit that is your name.Jokes aside, sleep deprivation is a common symptom among college students. Eccentric sugarconsumption (I am a jar of marshmallows away from type II diabetes), late nights at Georgia Tech andstupid wake up times in those precious moments of sleep autonomy are all leading factors in thisendless cycle of pain.What do I recommend? Exercise. It need not be heavy weightlifting; you do not need to get an absolutelyperfect body like that guy in the DUC who wears a tank top (you know who I'm talking about). Work toget tired and release endorphins; all of this will eventually lead to a more-than-decent sleep schedule. Anhour or so of shooting hoops, maybe a light jog or even some badminton with a suitemate, do whateveryou want as long as it is reasonably strenuous.Lay off the midnight Woodruff Cafe Coke runs, too. If you'll excuse me, I think it's time I take a nap.Yours sincerely,DoolinoFor your day-to-day qualms and minor life crises, send anonymous questions to [email protected]