Reading a previously published Wheel editorial excoriating the estimable Justice Scalia and his judicialphilosophy, I realized that some Emory students might not entirely understand the legacy of JusticeAntonin Scalia and his "originalist" approach. To view the late, great Scalia as an atavistic, benighted foolis to not appreciate the justice's judicial philosophy and its intrinsic and undeniable merits. Thisconversation is necessary because our next president may have the opportunity to appoint up to fournew justices to the Supreme Court. Although the Court is meant to be fundamentally detached fromelectoral politics, it seems as though this particular issue was on the ballot in this year's election. Yetwhat the Court needs is not a liberal or conservative judge, but an "Originalist" justice — that is, one whoreads and interprets the Constitution by examining its literal intent and the motivations and historicdiscourse behind its framing.As executive power increases and Congress becomes more and more impotent, the the Court shouldact as a reliable safeguard against gross overreaches of presidential power. The Constitution grants theexecutive specific and limited duties within Article II, and the Supreme Court must act as the country'smetaphorical stop sign that protects the citizenry from executive usurpations. Congress makes laws, notthe president. Any action by Trump regarding deferring deportation for illegal immigrants, changingfederal statutes to benefit special interests groups or punishing companies who do business overseasmust be met with unequivocal disapproval by the nation's highest court.Perhaps equally as precious as the separation of powers within our constitutional system are ourfundamental rights outlined in the Bill of Rights and the Reconstruction amendments. It should be notedthat the Bill of Rights does not grant us rights; rather, it outlines that government may not infringe on therights we possess innately. In the wake of an expanding "war on terror," both at home and abroad,citizens face a growing National Security Agency (NSA) with the capability to spy and collect metadataon millions of law-abiding citizens. It is incredibly apparent that we need thoughtful justices who will strikethe delicate balance between our fourth amendment guarantees of being free from unreasonable andunwarranted search and seizure with the compelling and necessary governmental interest in protectingthe country from domestic and foreign terrorist threats.With respect to the second amendment, it is necessary to have justices who understand the rationaleand history of our right to bear arms. Justice Scalia affirmed this right in his Heller decision, but bothmajor party candidates, particularly former Secretary Clinton, have shown a proclivity and desire torestrict the rights of lawful gun owners. Many Americans agree that some regulation on firearms and gunsales should be permitted. Yet a law like the one overturned in DC. Heller, where the District of Columbiaeffectively outlawed possession of any firearm, is incompatible with our second amendment guaranteesand with the Founding Fathers' vision of gun ownership.Additionally, the Roberts Court has made meaningful strides in protecting religious liberty, specifically intheir Hobby Lobby decision, which affirmed the right of businesses to operate within their faith andabstain from providing certain types of contraceptives to their employees. However, multiple states haveseen their Religious Freedom Restoration Acts under attack, setting the stage for an impending legalbattle at the Supreme Court. It is necessary to have justices who will allow individuals, in and outside oftheir houses of worship, to live according to their faiths and consciences. Our country also needs ajustice who understands that the right of citizens to support candidates and causes they believe in isprotected by the First Amendment.Lastly, our country must have justices who respect each state's power and prerogative to make law. The10th Amendment clearly reserves all powers not delegated to the federal government to the states, andbeing that Congress' Article I power is extremely limited, every state possesses extraordinary autonomyto legislate. This concept of federalism effectively allows for fifty "experiments" within our country,wherein smaller bodies of people can implement policies and proposals that reflect their communaldesires and values. A one-size-fits-all centralized, federal approach to governance stifles the creativity ofstate legislatures around the country and strips the people and their communities of any meaningfulinfluence in governmental happenings.It is important to note that the Supreme Court, though intended to be removed from partisan squabbles,has become essentially yet another political branch of the government. Certain justices have exploitedthe concept of "substantive due process" to arbitrarily confer rights not explicitly enumerated in theConstitution. This practice of "legislating" from the bench can be alluring to justices who wish to make anindelible impact on American life, but, at the same time, it is entirely outside of their constitutionallyoutlined role. Former Chief Justice John Marshall boldly identified the proper role of the Supreme Court:"It is emphatically the province and duty of the judicial department to say what the law is." Notice thatJustice Marshall did not declare that the Court's duty is to say that the law ought to be or what rightsought to be protected. As Americans, we should demand that Supreme Court Justices constrain theirown preferences, passions and proclivities when assessing cases before the Court, and instead judgesoberly and dispassionately.Considering the potential influence the next Court will have on nearly every facet of American political life,the United States Senate should hold substantive hearings on judicial nominees and thoroughly inquireinto their fidelity and approach to our founding document, and only confirm justices who will read theConstitution for what it is — a brilliant safeguard to tyranny and a revolutionary codification of thosefundamental, natural rights into which we are born.Elias Neibart is a College freshman from Morristown, New Jersey