Aileen Rivell running a 17:48 in the indoor 5K at the Bob Pollock Invitational on Jan. 29 | Courtesy of LisaWatlesRunning is often thought of as the purest form of sport, requiring nothing but a functioning body and mind.However to Aileen Rivell, it is much more. For her, it represents the pursuit of a goal, the idea that youcan always improve and the mental battle needed to push through extreme pain for the 18 minutes of a5000 meter (3.1 mile) race. College senior, Fulbright Scholar semi-finalist and former Emory crosscountry co-captain Aileen Rivell's resilience has allowed her to overcome whatever challenges runninghas thrown at her, especially through the injuries that almost derailed her career.Rivell has suffered three season-ending injuries since her freshman year, including a stress fracture inher hip, tendinitis in her foot and consistent shin complications. But that hasn't stopped her fromcompeting with the best of the best.A Colts Neck, New Jersey native and the captain of her school's track team, Rivell had highexpectations for her freshman season at Emory. At that time, she had suffered only one minor runningrelated injury. Then, during one of her first practices after her freshman year's winter break, she felt aslight pinch in her hip. She attempted to go on, but the pain worsened. Doctors discovered a stressfracture in her hip, and she was sidelined for three months.During her sophomore year, it was her foot that prevented her from competing. Her "poor running form"(according to Rivell, this entails hunching over and crossing her arms) compounded stress on her rightfoot, eventually leading to tendinitis.Though Rivell attempted to correct her running form her junior year, problems continued to arise. Thistime, she started to develop shin splints.So as Rivell approached her senior year, she had one simple goal in mind: not to get injured."I just hoped for not the worst, because I had the worst for so long," Rivell said. "Anything is better thanthat."It's safe to say that at this point, Rivell has far exceeded her preseason expectations. She ran the indoor5K in 17 minutes and 48 seconds on Jan. 29th in the Bob Pollock Meet, placing her second in the UAAConference, 16th in the country at the D-III level, and 6th fastest in Emory women's track and fieldhistory. In her very next race, Rivell broke a school record for the 3000m on Feb. 13th at the SamfordInvitational with a time of 10 minutes and three seconds, breaking the previous Emory record by overfour seconds."[The 5K and 3K] were the fastest races I've ever run," Rivell said. "They were probably the mostconsistent races I've ever run too. There was rarely ever a second or more difference in my lap times."With Rivell's 5K time, she qualified for the most important race of her running career so far: the IndoorUAA Conference Championship on Feb. 27 and 28. There, No. 2-ranked Rivell will have a chance to winthe conference in the indoor 5K. Currently, she sits three seconds back of first place.5K races require extreme mental fortitude and keen focus. According to Rivell, she had been cultivatingthese strengths not only through her toughness in the face of multiple injuries, but since childhood."I have two brothers – everything was a competition," Rivell said. "Through a race, you know that this isgoing to hurt, and your job is to fight through those thoughts."She has trained for roughly three hours a day for years for the opportunity to run for first place in theconference and potentially qualify for nationals.But now, Rivell's training regimen is harder than it has ever been. Along with daily practices and frequentcross training, Rivell makes the 30-minute drive to the Georgia Sports Chiropractic once or twice a weekto run on the AlterG Anti-Gravity Treadmill.This unique rehabilitation device straps Rivell into a harness – a "tutu with a zipper" as she describes it –which is attached to box that inflates to surround her lower body. The air pressure from inside of the boxreduces the impact of running on her legs. Rivell adjusts the percent of body weight force exerted –typically to 80 percent – and begins a normal 11 mile run, albeit with a slight float in her step.A diagram explaining how the AlterG Treadmill works. | Courtesy of AlterG"The machine is essential to my workout because it helps replace a lot of the miles that I am unable toget on the day to day [basis] because of my injuries," Rivell said. Because of her injury history, she isonly able to run 25 miles a week, rather than 40 to 50, the typical load for a female distance runner."She just has gumption," Emory Track and Field Head Coach John Curtin said. "Just about every otherkid would have given up with what she has been through. Because of her injuries in her past, she has towork twice as hard as everyone else. She is incredible."While Rivell has her eyes on the UAA Indoor Conference Championships, she knows there are notraining shortcuts on the road to first place.At Georgia Sports Chiropractic, Rivell, with a look of ferocity, is focused intently at the task at hand. Shestraps herself into the harness, allows the machine to rise into her mold and begins taking her strides,focused on the rhythm of her running and not on the formerly inflamed tendon in her foot or the hip thatfailed her three years ago.The Anti-Gravity Treadmill hums quietly as Rivell runs, step by step, foot after foot. The harness thatholds her upright stabilizes her legs to prevent constant wear and tear. The requisite spandex wrapstautly against her body as she moves with the rhythm she has created with her strides. The AlterG, likeher limbs, moves with her motions as she continues her pace. The machine is a part of her body now.Rivell exudes an air of resilience as she runs, a resilience that has been refined by prior setbacks, and aresilience that winces through occasional pain as she lands her feet on the treadmill. She runs through it,because running is her livelihood, and she knows just how easily that livelihood could be taken awayfrom her."My results justify all of the work and waiting I've had to do over the years because I feel like it wouldhave been tough to go through all this training without this end result that I wanted," Rivell said. "Therewere so many times I wanted to quit."But she hasn't, and she doesn't plan to before the end of her college career.Rivell and, as an extension of her body, the AlterG Anti Gravity Treadmill epitomize a reality of life; it willrise and it will fall, but it will be done step by step.