Developers of the most popular multiplayer first-person shooters have been in a competition recently todetermine who can put the most technologically advanced material in their games. The additions ofadvanced technology into games by developers such as 343 Industries, Activision and DICE, in anutshell, are now absolutely ridiculous. Call of Duty completely deviated from its roots; the simplicity thatonce made it so wonderfully fun and competitive disappeared, replaced by gameplay mechanisms thatare too reliant on a player's ability to take advantage of different gadgets. Even our beloved Halo hasbecome too diluted — there are far too many things to worry about in multiplayer mode.Yes, these games offer "classic" game modes, which allow players to play the game withoutcustomizable killstreaks, ordinance drops or anything else that has been added in recent years, butthese game modes are, a majority of the time, almost empty and unplayable. Of course, this is not tosay that the games aren't fun anymore. They are, and doing well in these games still (almost) gives methe same feeling of satisfaction that it once did — but not quite. Getting a high score and leading my teamto victory simply means that I was lucky enough not to have gotten killed by a random explosive oroverpowered killstreak. Too much has been added to the games to have them feel exactly like they oncedid when they were humble and completely skill-based.With the release of Battalion 1944, a first-person multiplayer shooter announced via a Kickstartercampaign, the developers at Bulkhead Interactive are challenging the overly-zealous additions in recentinstallments of first-person multiplayer shooters. The developers grew up with games such as Call ofDuty 2, Medal of Honor and other classic, intense shooters that were beloved because of their simplicity,and so the fact that this game takes place in the more simplistic time period of World War II, rather thanin a modern or future war, makes sense.With Battalion 1944, the developers hope to recreate classic first-person shooters with a modern touch.In an announcement trailer, the developers discuss the game and its role in the modern video gameindustry. The background of the trailer is set to some truly inspiring wartime music, and the developers'statements about the game express their passion for the game and what it will contribute.From the trailer, viewers are introduced to a couple of maps, including a jungle-based battlefield inHurtgen Forest and a village-based battlefield in Bagstone. The maps are reminiscent of maps fromgames like Battlefield 1942 and Call of Duty 2, showing the backtracking to classic play styles. Theweapons in the game are based on authentic World War II guns, such as the M1 Garand, Thompson andMosin-Nagant, all of which can be custom-engraved. There will also be custom clan patches anduniform customization.The developers stated that they intend to strip anything overpowering or unnecessary from the game inan attempt to create a game in which a player's skill is dependent upon how well they can navigate mapsand strategize, rather than how much they play the game and know all the different gadgets, which is thecase in newer installments of Battlefield and Call of Duty. Leveling the playing field will force players tolearn what they are good at in the game, whether it be fast-paced submachine gunning, medium-pacedassault rifle gameplay or slow-paced sniping.Because of the equal battleground in which all players have similar equipment and lack of overpoweredweapons, each player will be more crucial to his or her team's success. This camaraderie has beenmissing from recent team multiplayer games. For the past few years, one amazing player could wingames for his or her team by carrying everyone else on the team. However, in Battalion 1944, no singleplayer will be able to completely dominate the game. Rather, it will take much more strategizing andcommunication between teammates to win games. Each game will be more competitive and intensethan we've seen in a long time. This will support the idea that fun can come from strategizing and willserve to recreate what war games were originally intended to convey: an actual war experience.With an increased need for planning and thinking and a more level playing field, Battalion 1944 will bringabout the change that first-person shooters have needed for so long. The support for the game andpeople's hope for it is huge. After being launched on Feb. 2, the campaign has already been 317 percentfunded with £317,282. Battalion 1944 will run on Unreal Engine 4 and will be released for the PlayStation4, Xbox One and PC in May 2017. The developers have a truly innovative goal in simplifying first-personshooters, and it surely will have an impact on gaming for years to come.