In his inauguration address on April 2, 2004, President James W. Wagner formally pledged to "do all in[his] power to enable our University community to grow in excellence." Since then, he has developed andsituated his presidency within the framework of the University's vision statement set by him— themission that Emory will strive to be a destination university that is "inquiry-driven," "distinctive for itsethical commitment" and "actively working for positive transformation."With Wagner's 12 years as president nearing an end, we can now reflect on the successes andshortcomings of his presidential term. More importantly, the Emory community must now consider thevalues that we hope the next president will espouse and uphold.Ultimately, the next president should demonstrate a commitment to the liberal arts, a passion forconversations regarding social justice and sustainability and a reaffirmation of the importance of aproactive presidency. As the chief liaison between the academic institution and the student body, thepresident serves as the face of the University. While this role should not be beholden to a strict set ofstandards, incontestably there are certain attributes our next president must embody and values of theinstitution that he or she must preserve.As an institution of higher learning, Emory prides itself on synthesizing the strengths of a traditional liberalarts college and the resources of a major research university. Yet there is a stark dissonance betweenEmory's brand and its academic reality. In light of College Dean Robin Forman's decision to phase outcertain academic departments and programs during Wagner's term — namely, journalism, education,visual arts and the Institute of the Liberal Arts (ILA) — the incoming president should actively supportliberal arts on campus.Curricular concerns rest largely on the shoulders of the academic deans. However, it is imperative thatthe next president encourage the Cabinet members and deans to reaffirm the importance of developing acore curriculum that facilitates open dialogue in an integrated atmosphere. A paramount valuation of theliberal arts creates students who utilize critical thinking skills and have personal commitments to both thediversity and the commonality of humankind — skills that are essential to fulfilling the vision of theUniversity.In addition to honoring and cherishing the diversity of thought brought by a liberal arts curriculum, theincoming president also has a responsibility to engage the student body by listening and remainingcognizant of conversations regarding social justice, sustainability and other activism on campus. Thepresident should take the time to consistently meet with different student groups to best understand thecurrent discourse of the Emory community. All student groups should feel comfortable approaching thepresident with their concerns and the president should be open and receptive to these interactions.Active awareness of the social and racial climate on campus and an increase in transparency willcultivate students who trust one another and their administration.Being aware of the climate on campus will enable the next president to embrace a proactive approach inmanaging the University. This approach ought to include creating initiatives to prepare for and participatein the events that will unravel throughout his or her respective term, rather than waiting for circumstancesto dictate action. It also includes the confidence to raise his or her voice about such events and to standhis or her ground.The president has a fundamental duty to set and maintain a strong vision. Continual analysis of campusclimate and a fervent dedication to improving both the outward perception and the inward reality of Emoryis imperative to its overall institutional vision — to be a conduit for the individual aspirations that eachmember of this community strives to realize. Only then will the Emory community be fully equipped withthe power to continue to grow in excellence.The above staff editorial represents the majority opinion of the Wheel's editorial board.