John Steinbeck writes in Once There Was a War, "The theater is the only institution in the world whichhas been dying for four thousand years and has never succumbed." And there is an undeniable truthabout the seemingly impossible resilience of theater, due in large part to its timeless expression of thehuman experience. Euripides's Medea, first produced in 431 BCE, is then the representation ofeverything that makes art immortal — its themes of power, persecution and ostracization; charactermotivations of justice and revenge and the classic trope "Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned."Premiering Feb. 18 in the bare intimacy of the Burlington Road Building's black box theater, Dooley'sPlayers' Medea tells the story of its eponymous character abandoning her home and family for the loveof the "heroic" Jason, who in turn deserts her and their two young sons to marry into Corinthian royalty.We first see Medea as a silhouette, wailing as she paces behind a sheer curtain, conveying an imagethat she is constantly fading into smoke at the edges — she is ephemeral, fleeting and intangible as othercharacters perceive her to be by underestimating her. We find quickly that this is not the case, as sheschemes to murder Jason's new bride, Princess Glauce, and her father, King Creon, as well as — mosthorrifyingly — her two sons, whose deaths reverberate throughout the entirety of the second act.College sophomore Nakiyah Flowers blossoms as Medea, hitting every beat with indescribable nuanceand delicacy, never giving the impression that she is playing the sorceress, but rather, becoming her.She struggles to choke out her lines between her sobs, and when she clutches at her chest, we know itis because she feels physical pain from the dread of what she must do; when she lowers her voice andpersuades Creon to let her remain in Corinth for another day, we berate him for his foolishness whileknowing that we ourselves never could have refused her coquettish charm. It is impossible to tell whenMedea is dangerous or seductive, simply because she is constantly and inextricably both.Flowers and College sophomore Geoffrey Solomon's Jason generate a unique chemistry together,locked in a tense standoff reflecting the dynamicism and passions of the relationship with your ex youare grateful you never had. Solomon, clad as though coming offstage after performing with his boy band,lacks the bluster necessary to play such a callously masculine role, not because he doesn't care aboutwomen but because he doesn't seem to care much for them. Other cast members also hadopportunities to shine — College freshman Lucy Hansen as the endearingly oblivious Tutor; Collegesophomore Charis Wiltshire's voice of morality oscillating between playing with the audience and tearingat our heartstrings as she begs for Medea's children's lives; College freshman Josh Oberlander-Dennyas the traumatized messenger and College sophomore Adam Friedman as Aegeus, the gossipy,flamboyant wind god to whom Medea goes for support and comedic relief, often more Regina Georgethan Greek deity.In a visionary attempt to introduce another dimension into the performance and alleviate the tension withphysical cathartic release, College sophomore and director Isaac Andrade recruited four maskeddancers to be "illustrative of both Medea's emotional state and the public's fickle reaction to the unfoldingof this great tragedy," according to the program. At moments, the dancers stumbled on overly complexchoreography or relied heavily on their music choices to speak for their movement; in other instances,however, they conveyed their respective plot points with breathtaking precision and beauty. Collegefreshman Kelly Vogel's portrayal of Princess Glauce's graceful death can only be described as poetry,and the dancers impressively project confusion, desperation, maternal love, joy, power, freedom andtoward the end indecision followed by strength and resolve, often within seconds. The choreographymanages the same ageless blending of classical with modern that the costuming accomplishes — theballetic rigidity juxtaposed with sudden low lunges and gaga-esque improvisation, flexed feet followingpristine pointe work.Yet the same artistic ambition that has given Medea such a contemporary and relevant voicesimultaneously stifles it. Andrade interweaves voice recordings into the performance that had thepotential to transcend Medea into a deeply challenging and satisfying piece. But the recordings arejarring, disembodied, exotically out of place and low-quality; indeed, it was blatantly obvious that theGreek chorus of dancers and assorted cast members could have sufficed to provide the liverepresentation the play demanded. The voice actors too often sounded as though they were on the vergeof bursting into sarcastic laughter, wrenching attention from the morbid content before us. In onememorable moment toward Medea's conclusion, we hear the voice of a young child screaming lines like,"Mommy, please don't kill us!" and "We can't escape her knife!" that are so glaringly scripted they shatterthe fourth wall and jerk us from our reverie.Unfortunately, Medea's greatest flaw stems not from its direction or cast, but from the writing itself. Toooften the plot advances with gelatinous lethargy as consecutive monologues tell rather than show, thentell again … and again … and again. Flowers shrieks and weeps to the best of her considerable ability,but the repetition of the same plot points — that Medea betrayed her home, is forsaken by Jason —become tiresome to any actor, insulting to any audience's intelligence and neglectful of the relationshipbuilding so necessary in theater.Finally, I cannot help but question the legitimacy of the "feminism" Medea hopes to capture. While ithopes to join the likes of films such as Carrie, The Witch and Kill Bill — stories of isolated, furious women— we wonder whether Medea is ever truly empowered. She kills her own children to spite a man whosewhims serves as the primary (if not sole) motivation for her every action, leaving herself more brokenthan he ever is. It seems her story cannot exist independently of a man's, which does the greatestdisservice to a character with such force and brilliance.When Solomon, emotionally distraught and unstable, roars his way millimeters from Flowers's face,accusing her of being "not a woman but a beast, a tiger, but more savage," we expect physical violence— yet she simply walks away. This — this is power. When Solomon dryly remarks, "if only children canbe got some other way without the female sex," triggering an outcry of shock and invective from theaudience ("Jesus! What the hell!"), when we are told that death is preferable to a woman's life if she hasno magic to wield, when Medea whispers, "We women … I won't say we are bad by nature, but we arewhat we are," when secondary female characters are stripped of identity and made anonymous withmasks, we hate and condemn the misogyny thrust upon us but become frustrated with Medea's inabilityor unwillingness to fight it. Perhaps what makes Medea most timeless, then, is the same paradoxicalbox that we have and continue to thrust society's women into over millennia, never allowing their wrathand their nurture to coexist, never giving their narratives the complexity they are worth.And herein lies the greatest tragedy of all, for Flowers is indeed a tiger — if only Medea would free herfrom her cage.Grade: B+