If you've ever set foot in Decatur Square, home to Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams, The Iberian Pig and acute, touristy gazebo, you've been in view of the so-called "Lost Cause" monument. Standing directly inthe back of the old DeKalb County Courthouse, the monument commemorates fallen Confederatesoldiers who "were of a covenant keeping race who held fast to the faith as it was given by the fathers ofthe Republic."The obelisk was erected in 1908 by "the men and women and children of DeKalb County" decades afterthe Civil War and two years after deadly race riots plagued Atlanta. This does more than simplycommemorate Confederate soldiers; it's a monument to current-day racism.The Lost Cause monument stood as a symbol of conservative, white supremacist views at the height ofthe Jim Crow era. The symbols with which we adorn our public spaces should reflect the core ideals ofthe United States. Racism — and the idolization of those who defended it — cannot be among them.Some conservatives voice concerns of a slippery slope phenomenon, which could lead to thedemonization of America's leaders and founders like George Washington or Thomas Jefferson.While that argument is often used to defend racist statues, it holds some credence. The history of ourcountry is riddled with inequality and oppression — we cannot erase all evidence of our past, nor shouldwe try. We draw the line at the legacy of the individual or cause memorialized.Despite the fact that Jefferson was a slaveowner, he, for example, is remembered as a core writer of theDeclaration of Independence and as one of America's first great politicians. In contrast, the Lost Causemonument exclusively venerates the Confederate spirit — a supremacist ideology that stands foroppression and slavery. Just as importantly, we must consider the intent and context of construction.The Lost Cause monument was erected more than four decades after the end of the Civil War andserved as a rallying point for those committed to the "lost cause" of the Confederacy. We cannot allow amonument dedicated to the institution of white supremacy to guard a building that symbolizes our justicesystem.DeKalb County may be unable to remove the monument because of a 2010 state law that prohibits theremoval or relocation of public monuments. But the state of Georgia should amend the law, relocate themonument to a museum and carefully reassess which parts of its history to celebrate.The Editorial Board is composed of Jennifer Katz, Madeline Lutwyche and Boris Niyonzima.