Closing out play before the semester break on a four game win streak, the men's basketball programpicked up right up where it left off after a respite from the classroom and the court. The Eagles returnedto the floor late December, winning three consecutive home games in impressive fashion. Playing athome against Berry College (Ga.) Dec. 29, the Eagles collected a 91-80 victory. Building off of the Berrywin, the Eagles handily dispatched both Hampden-Sydney College (Va.) by a score of 87-62 and localrival Oglethorpe University (Ga.), 93-68. But in their first UAA game, Emory stumbled in one of theprogram's biggest losses in recent history, a 54-84 beating at the hands of Rochester University (N.Y.)Jan 7.With the season picking up steam, the engine suddenly ground to a halt with a break from competition.Performance was finally matching preseason expectations after a rocky 2-2 start through Emory's firstfour games. And while the break can be a period of recovery, it also halts momentum on the court."It's great because … we don't have the grind of class, homework or school. We can treat basketball asour one focus," senior forward Jim Gordon said. "Coming back from that ten day break, we might havebeen a little rusty, but I think with those three games we gained a lot of confidence."The first of those three games came against Berry College. Despite a slow start, the Eagles ultimatelycruised to the 91-80 victory."There is a lot of evaluation and growth that goes on during those days [before the first game of thebreak]," Head Coach Jason Zimmerman said. "That first game it took us some time to get into rhythmand then we played really well in the next two games. Usually, if the team can grow during that time itcan lead to a really good year."Shedding some more rust after Berry, the Eagles took care of business against both Hampden-SydneyCollege and Oglethorpe University, scoring around 90 points in both games while picking up the intensityon the defensive end. Tacking on these three wins, the win streak was now seven games."We started to develop an identity a little bit more," Zimmerman said. "It took us a while to get back intorhythm, but I thought that the two games we played before Rochester, we played as well as we have allyear. I thought our offensive flow was good and that our defensive attention to detail was really goodgoing into Rochester."Hopes were high following the team's impressive showing at home, but a difficult opponent lay ahead inthe form of the No. 4-ranked Rochester Yellowjackets, the Eagles first opponent in UAA play.Undefeated on the year, the Yellowjackets were less than kind hosts to the visiting Eagles. Rochesterheld the Eagles to only 54 points while the duo of senior guards Mack Montague and Sam Borst-Smithwent off for a combined 37 points, propelling the Yellowjackets to an early lead that would only grow asthe game wore on, resulting in an 84-54 blowout that brought the Eagles to 9-3 on the season, 0-1 in UAAplay."We did our best to prepare specifically for what Rochester was going to do, but once we got to the gamewe didn't execute quite the way that we wanted," senior forward Adam Gigax said.For whatever reason, the pieces just did not come together for the Eagles in New York."Rochester is a great team, but I think from the moment the ball tipped there was a cap on the rim. It wasone of those games where we couldn't buy a bucket," Gordon said. "Games like that [are] where wereally have to buy in, be connected, and stay tough on defense, and to be honest we didn't, which leadsto a route like that."Dealing with the difficult loss against Rochester is foreign territory for this Eagles squad, but hopesremain high as the team prepares for Friday."The past two years I've been here there really hasn't been [a loss] quite like that," Gigax said. "[Welearned] that Rochester was a tough team and that we have to stay getting better in practice, and nomatter how much we keep working there is always more to be done."