House Bill 51 (HB 51), introduced in the Georgia State legislature by State Representative Earl Ehrhart(R-Ga.), is meant to dismantle how schools handle sexual assault by weakening Title IX. This legislationdoes nothing to protect survivors of sexual assault; it only protects perpetrators from prosecution.I first heard about this bill during a volunteer trip to Men Stopping Violence (MSV), a wonderfulorganization dedicated to preventing sexual assault against women. Greg Loughlin, my friend andAssistant Director of MSV, read HB 51 to the volunteers and implored us to stay vigilant as thelegislature moved on this. This is my miniscule contribution in resistance.HB 51 not only discourages reporting by survivors, but actively prevents schools from carrying outdisciplinary action against perpetrators. The bill states, "No investigation of such matter shall beundertaken by the postsecondary institution," and, "Institution[s] shall not pursue any final disciplinaryaction against any student alleged to have committed a crime until such student is found guilty [by lawenforcement]."At face value, this sounds objectively good. But the preponderance of evidence in a sexual misconductcase by a university is much different in a criminal investigation. In a court, evidence beyond areasonable doubt is needed for criminal charges, but on university disciplinary boards, the bar forevidence is much lower — partially because universities do not have the resources to run full-fledgedinvestigations, and partially because campus sexual assault is an emergency situation that requires anexpedited process.Law enforcement has to go through a rigorous, and therefore slower, process. Now consider this — asurvivor of sexual assault would have to walk through campus seeing their perpetrator in the open withno power to do anything about it. They could be in their classes, their dorm, their social circle and evengraduate alongside them before their case is ever brought to a jury or judge. Though this is often alreadythe case, this bill would make it exponentially harder to remove a perpetrator from campus. Outside of aconviction or legal process, there should be mechanisms for universities to remove students theybelieve pose harm to others. Title IX seeks to empower that process and HB 51 would directlyundermine it.This legislation that should anger every Georgia citizen, especially university students, faculty andadministration for whom campus assault is a rampant problem that needs helpful, immediate fixes – notbackwards policy like HB 51.This bill would also strike an emotional blow to organizations like MSV, groups that are doing diligentwork to prevent sexual assault all across the country. There is clear intent to weaken Title IX and in turn,make university campuses unsafe. This is not a partisan battle; it is a moral battle in which I imploreevery Georgia resident and Emory student to oppose the passing of HB 51, to oppose it with fervor.Boris Niyonzima is a College freshman from Kigali, Rwanda.