This is the first installment of the "Round table" series, which aims to clarify and explain modern issuesby compiling interviews with individuals who specialize in relevant areas.Nearly 800,000 individuals could be deported after President Donald J. Trump's administrationannounced Sept. 5 that it would rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program,leaving it up to Congress to replace the program before it phases out next year.Former President Barack Obama created the DACA program with an executive order in 2012, providingtemporary immigration benefits for some undocumented immigrants who were brought to the UnitedStates as children.The White House announcement left several questions unanswered about the futures of theundocumented immigrants, but organizations and people have already begun to rally around DACArecipients: University President Claire E. Sterk was one of 57 Association of American Universities(AAU) presidents and chancellors to sign a Sept. 7 letter urging top lawmakers to take legislative actionto protect DACA recipients.The Wheel interviewed separately Asa Griggs Candler Professor of Law Polly Price and Alben W.Barkley Professor of Political Science Alan Abramowitz about the potential impacts of Trump's decision.Price specializes in immigration and citizenship law, and Abramowitz's area of expertise is in Americanpolitics. The transcript has been lightly edited for clarity and length.Alejandro Perez, The Emory Wheel: Can you tell me about the ramifications of President Trump endingDACA?Alan Abramowitz: We really won't know the implications for a while because it's going to depend in parton what Congress does, if it does anything. It's going to depend in part on court challenges, so it's goingto take a few months, if not longer, to see how this plays out.Polly Price: What I understand is that the program will end in six months, so no one else can sign up atthis point, but everyone who has already registered will be able to keep their status for that six months.The idea from the Trump administration is that Congress, between now and then, would enact somelegislation that would accomplish the same thing.Editor's Note: Price sent in a Sept. 6 email to the Wheel a Washington Post article, which estimatedaround 75 percent of current DACA recipients will lose status as of March 5 and about 25 percent will getan additional two-year renewal.EW: What will happen if Congress is unable to pass a replacement policy for DACA?AA: [Trump is] basically tossing the ball to Congress and saying, "Here, you take care of it." We knowthat Congress is very dysfunctional right now. There is a split among Republicans between the Trumpwing of the party and the more moderate wing of the party. I'm not very optimistic that [Congress] isgoing to be able to do something in six months, in which case it's just going to throw people's lives intoturmoil.PP: Basically, we are back to where we were before DACA began, which is essentially, persons here,even brought here as children, are treated the same as all other people who are out of status. We'vebeen talking about these issues for almost 20 years, and so I think it's a huge gamble to actually expectCongress to be able to come through when they are so polarized on everything else.EW: Could removing DACA lead to the deportation of people who were protected under it?AA: Ultimately, I suppose it could. I don't think you could say for sure that it won't. Presumably, removingthese folks would not be a high priority, but still, if you're undocumented you can be removed. Hopefully itwould be a low priority.PP: I think so. I think everybody hopes not, but DACA was there not only to give sort of a temporaryperiod in which you deferred action, but it also gained people a legal status in the sense that there wouldbe work permits. Life is just so much better when you have some kind of a legal status, so even if it doesnot lead to deportations it will lead to very bad circumstances for a lot of these people.EW: Studies show that the loss of DACA workers will result in a huge GDP decrease for the U.S. Why isTrump willing to risk such a loss for the U.S. economy?AA: Just about all economists agree that immigration is a plus for the U.S. economy and that the countryoverall is worse off without immigration, particularly given the fact that the population is aging and theworkforce is aging. Without immigration, that would be even more true. By and large, the people who areprotected by DACA are people who have pretty high skills and educational levels. These are people thatwe need in our economy. [Trump's decision] reflects the narrow, vindictive world view that he has.EW: Do you think the BRIDGE Act could pass?Editor's Note: The Bar Removal of Individuals who Dream and Grow our Economy (BRIDGE) Act wouldprovide relief from deportation for those eligible for DACA. The University expressed its support of thelegislation in a Jan. 18 press release.AA: One would hope, but you're going to have to have Speaker [Paul Ryan (R-Wis.)] and the MajorityLeader of the Senate [Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.)] really take the lead on this and decide to make this apriority.PP: I think so. In the current political climate, the concern is that these sorts of meritorious claims getlumped together with all sorts of immigration policies. I think the most difficult part is going to be gettingCongress' attention focused on the Dreamers [undocumented immigrants] and the plight of theDreamers.EW: The DACA policy allows students access to higher education because they can receive federalfunding. With DACA being phased out, will students pursuing higher education be unable to?AA: Yes, I think it has potential implications there, definitely. I'm sure that Emory and other colleges anduniversities are going to be trying to figure out how to deal with this. Legally, you know, they are kind of ina bind. I think you are going to see a very strong coalition of colleges and universities across the countryworking together to try to get this reversed or overturned.PP: I'm sure that's a possibility — and not just in states that do not permit undocumented persons toenroll. I think that's definitely likely to be one of the results.EW: How will the decision impact Trump's popularity?PP: I think it's polarizing in the same way that a lot of his policies have been, so some core Trumpsupporters think that this is the right thing to do and the right way to go, so I suspect that it's not going tochange much about his popularity. The people that are opposed to most everything that Trump has donein the area of immigration are going to be just as opposed to this and vice versa.EW: How will the decision affect world politics? Can we expect countries to publicly oppose Trump'sdecision?AA: It reinforces the impression that people have in many other countries that Trump and the Trumpadministration is supporting these sorts of very vindictive policies aimed at recent immigrants. Trump isalready pretty unpopular in most countries and most parts of the world.PP: I think certainly the U.S. will just continue to lose stature not only on the world stage but in terms ofmoral leadership, in areas that range from the plight of refugees to the situation of the Dreamers.EW: Have you worked with DACA students before?PP: Yes, I have encountered DACA students in my teaching, and I just think [ending the program] is ahuge loss to higher education. But Emory, in my view, has gone above and beyond to help.