The death of a campus LGBT leader at the Georgia Institute of Technology over the weekend promptedviolent protests after a vigil Monday night.Georgia Tech Police officer Tyler Beck shot Georgia Tech student Scout Schultz, 21, who was allegedlyadvancing on officers with a knife, according to the Atlanta-Journal Constitution (AJC). Schultz did notput down the knife blade, which was not extended, and kept advancing toward police Saturday nightoutside a dorm, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation (GBI)."Officers provided multiple verbal commands and attempted to speak with Shultz who was notcooperative and would not comply with the officers' commands," the agency said in the Sept. 18statement. "Schultz continued to advance on the officers with the knife. Subsequently, one officer firedstriking Schultz." Students were told to seek shelter by the University during the standoff.Schultz made a 911 call on 11:17 p.m., Saturday, reporting that a suspicious white male had a knife andgun on the Georgia Tech campus, according to a later GBI finding. The GBI also found three suicidenotes in Schultz's dormitory.A vigil for Schultz was held Monday at 8 p.m. at Georgia Tech's Kessler Campanile, where protestserupted and soon turned violent after the vigil ended. After protesters set a police car on fire, three peoplewere arrested and charged with inciting a riot and battery of an officer, the AJC reported. Two officerssustained injuries. Students were once again told to seek shelter while the incident was occurring.Schultz, a senior majoring in computer engineering, was president of Georgia Tech's Pride Alliance andidentified as nonbinary and intersex. Scout's mother, Lynn Schultz, told the AJC that her eldest childsuffered from a number of medical issues over the years, including depression. Scout had attemptedsuicide two years ago, their mother told the newspaper."Why didn't they use some nonlethal force, like pepper spray or tasers?" Lynne Schultz told the AJC.Georgia Tech campus police do not carry tasers or stun guns but are equipped with pepper spray, aGeorgia Tech spokesman told The New York Times.Schultz's parents have retained the legal services of L. Chris Stewart, a prominent civil rights lawyer,who has represented victims of police shootings, including Alton Sterling, Walter Scott and GregoryTowns, according to CNN."I think [Scout] was having a mental breakdown and didn't know what to do. The area was secured, therewas no one around at risk," Stewart said to the AJC.Beck was certified by the Georgia Peace Officer and Standards Training Council (POST) but had notreceived Crisis Intervention Training, which trains police on how to handle mentally ill people, accordingto the AJC.In a Sept. 17 university-wide email, Georgia Tech President G. P. "Bud" Peterson wrote, "Our hearts andprayers go out to Scout's family, friends and colleagues as we mourn Scout's life and the unrealizedpotential of what could have been."In response to the Monday protests, Schultz's family asked for peace."On behalf of the family of Scout Schultz, we ask that those who wish to protest Scout's death do sopeacefully. Answering violence with violence is not the answer," the family lawyer stated. "Our goal is towork diligently to make positive change at Georgia Tech in an effort to ensure a safer campus for allstudents."Associate Professor of Biology Astrid Prinz, who is part of the joint Emory/GA Tech BiomedicalEngineering Program, sent an email to her NBB 301: Introduction to Neurobiology class Tuesday at 4:36a.m. regarding the shooting."I believe that Scout Schultz's very unfortunate death could have been prevented with more communityalertness, and with a campus police force equipped with non-lethal options," Prinz wrote.She urged students to offer peers who may be suffering from mental or other issues counseling andsupport services and the authorities if necessary.Richard Chess contributed reporting.