This week, DeKalb County and the city of Atlanta reached a settlement regarding Emory's annexationinto Atlanta, a change that would greatly benefit Emory students, faculty and staff. If approved, theannexation would be the biggest change to Atlanta's borders in decades.It is no wonder then that this agreement was met with criticism. Before a settlement was met, the DekalbCounty Commission unanimously voted to object to the annexation. In an 11-page letter the commissionstated its concerns, which included "more traffic, higher [population] density, further development,increased risk for sewage spills and a potential impact on public schools."The settlement itself contains several concessions that were added to meet these concerns. First, thecity agreed to pay $10 million for county firefighting services over the next decade. Second, the zoninglaws of DeKalb County will not change city standards, alleviating concerns about rapid development inthe area. The DeKalb Public School system will not face changes as school district lines will bepreserved. Lastly, the city agreed to hold public meetings related to MARTA's plan to create a light railthat extends to the Emory campus.Those concessions were enough to flip the DeKalb County Commission's vote unanimously in favor ofannexation.In fact, the annexation would have little to no financial impact on residents of DeKalb County. Thanks tothe settlement, all tax dollars — $4.4 million to be exact — currently paid by property owners in theproposed annexation area will remain in the county. Residents outside the University system do nothave to worry about a hike in taxes due to lost revenue.The main upshot for the Emory community is that the Clifton Corridor project may finally come to fruition.The project proposes the construction of a light-rail MARTA line from Lindbergh Center Station to theUniversity's campus. For regular Atlanta commuters, a light-rail line would offer a cheaper alternative todriving. MARTA's University Pass Program costs $68.50 for students and $83.80 for faculty and staffper month. Due to Emory's current position outside of city limits, the Emory community is not eligible forthe discounts. This settlement and the future annexation of Emory present an opportunity to extend theprogram to our campus, which would especially benefit Emory employees.In total, Emory University and Emory Healthcare employ more than 30,000 workers. That excludes thelarge staff at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). The daily commutes of tens ofthousands of people inevitably results in negative externalities, such as Clifton Road's notoriousreputation for congestion. Our campus is also home to two hospitals — Children's Healthcare of Atlantaand Emory University Hospital (EUH). Both locations have emergency ambulance services that wouldbenefit from decreased congestion, and Emory faculty and staff would have a cheaper, and perhapsmore convenient, alternative to driving into DeKalb County.But how will this affect students? Consider the price many students pay for Ubers to and from theHartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Regardless of traffic and pricing surges, it is oftensimpler to swallow a $20 fee than attempting to split a ride.A hypothetical light rail would run from campus to Lindbergh Center Station, which connects directly tothe airport. The whole trip would be about 30 minutes. And better yet, this trip would cost just $2.50, theprice of a MARTA light-rail ticket from any location.The settlement also gives Emory the opportunity to extend our university's resources further. Easieraccess to the city would facilitate closer partnerships between our community and other Atlanta-baseduniversities and businesses. Ideally, it would become commonplace for students without cars toregularly volunteer in the city, find part-time jobs, take classes at the Georgia Institute of Technology orsimply enjoy the vibrant, diverse culture thriving just out of reach.University President Claire E. Sterk put it succinctly: "[The annexation will be] building upon ourcommitment to community involvement, academic excellence, innovation and entrepreneurship."If the annexation petition is accepted, Emory is committing to an extensive partnership with the city ofAtlanta that will hopefully lead to great returns for both parties.Both the annexation of Emory into Atlanta and the Clifton Corridor project await a vote by the Atlanta CityCouncil, but the city's recent settlement with DeKalb County heralds a positive outlook for both. The cityof Atlanta must work to make the annexation fair to local residents, but the University's priority should beits students, faculty and staff; even if the only physical change students notice in the coming years is arail line, the annexation of Emory into Atlanta would enrich Emory's community in the long term.The Editorial Board is composed of Jennifer Katz, Madeline Lutwyche and Boris Niyonzima.