I have a name, though some Americans simply think of me as illegal. Their frustration with the nation'scurrent state of affairs means they are willing to strip their fellow humans of their names and decry theirentire existence as immoral. Is there merit to this act? Do we truly believe that the immigrant with themoney and time to secure lawful immigration is good while the immigrant who did not is bad? Do moralityand justice align perfectly with the law? Americans should ponder these questions and recognize that anissue as complex as that of immigration should never be considered in black and white terms. The moralimplications of this simplistic perception of immigration must be considered if justice has any hope ofguiding the lawful treatment of immigrants in America.The United States is in urgent need of comprehensive immigration reform; this cannot be disputed. Forthose who lust for power, though, the issue of immigration allows for a golden opportunity to incite thepassion of the masses by preying on their insecurities. The narrative of the violent illegal is particularlysuccessful because it targets many Americans' anxieties regarding foreign forces invading and defilingthe American way of life. Those propagating the idea that undocumented immigrants are base creaturesneed only present them as such and thus offer an answer to the grievances of desperate Americans.One does not need to reach too far into the past to find an example of such a strategy. In his presidentialannouncement speech, Donald Trump's introductory assurance that "our country is in serious trouble"immediately established the dystopian image of ransacked America upon which his presidential platformis built. According to Trump, a large part of the problem is that Mexico and the rest of Latin America "[send] people that have lots of problems" — drugs, crime and a propensity for raping. The image isgraphic and provides a villainous face at which the people may focus their resentment and fear. Trumpinflames this sensibility against the image of the violent immigrant by describing how Mexico "takes acompany" originally planned for Tennessee and "rips it out" for itself. The violent language complimentsthe image of the Mexican immigrant — in this case a job thief — which Trump carefully established. Itseffect is profound; Trump scratched at the wounds of the American people and set the stage for his mostpowerful image: America as its citizens' promised land.The American dream promises that hardworking citizens prosper in this country; however, something isterribly, terribly wrong. Americans swear they have kept their side of the bargain through their willingnessto work, but they are not receiving their dues as tradition states they ought. Is the immigrant to blame? Isthe answer so simple? Or is the answer perhaps multifaceted, involving an economic and politicalsystem that allows for American companies to take advantage of low-cost country sourcing? Can it bethat Latin-American immigrants are truly violent criminals? Or is it more likely that the actions of a fewwere brought to the forefront by those with a very specific political agenda in an effort to dehumanize andvilify the many? Regardless of the truth, Trump assures his supporters that politicians have failed to leadthem to success, promising in his speech that "they will not bring us … to the promised land."It is easy to feel entitled to a comfortable life, and even easier to trim the edges of truth and arrange whatlittle is left into a picture of the American citizen as a tragic hero wronged by the villainous immigrant.However, the consequences of considering issues such as immigration and its effects on the Americanpeople in simplistic, archetypal terms are far-reaching. Such thinking preys on our fear, allowing ourprejudices to overcome our capacity for reasoning and making just decisions in regards to how weaddress the issue of immigration within the United States.As evidenced by his speech announcing his candidacy in 2015, Trump is a talented storyteller,presenting an image of America pillaged by immigrants that he alone can save. Are we prepared torenounce our reason and accept this image for the sake of convenience? What do we make of youngimmigrants like me who were brought to the country as children, long before we could consent to the actor reason about its consequences? In his speech, Trump reduces the entirety the immigrant into anexpertly drawn caricature in an attempt to manipulate Americans into believing that immigrants stand inthe way of them receiving their promised prosperity. I am not an image — no one is. I hope those whostand in neutrality regarding immigration will allow themselves to be guided by reason and compassionrather than fear and hatred when considering how our president addresses the issue of immigration inthe next four years.Correction (1/25/17 at 10:21 p.m.): The Wheel removed the author's last name from this op-ed becauseof a misunderstanding regarding attribution.