The East Coast caught an early blast of fall chill this year, giving budding streetwear stars the opportunityto dip their statement shoes in new seasonal styles. Cool weather ended mid-September at the sametime as New York Fashion Week and started up again towards the end of September, just in time forParis Fashion Week. While chilly weather is yet to grace Atlanta, the Wheel has brought some of thisyear's best fashion tips from the runway to Dickey Drive so students can get a head start on their fallflair.Ugly ShoesUgly shoes left mainstream fashion during the mid-2010s when Uggs became associated withLululemon leggings and pumpkin spice lattes, but the powerful resurgence of Birkenstocks indicates anewfound appreciation for form-and-function footwear. Scottish designer Christopher Kane blew somemembers of the fashion community minds' at London Fashion Week in September 2016, when he sentmodels down the runway in pastel-marbled Crocs adorned with precious gems. This year sawBalenciaga spin a new take on the haute Croc as models swayed atop neon platforms. This came just amonth after the debut of Balenciaga's Triple S sneaker, a shoe with three soles so clunky it wasrevolutionary. Comfy can be cool, too. The beauty in the resurgence of ugly shoes lies in the sameunderlying philosophy which defines jaded college everyday-wear. Think about that next time you're fiveminutes late to your 8:30 a.m., and you're wondering frantically if you have the time to lace those velvetgladiator sandals up your legs. Stop and ask yourself, what would Christopher Kane do?LogosTo some, Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie's early-2000s reign of frivolity and excess remains a distantmemory enshrined in extra small Juicy Couture tracksuits and Regina George-esque microscopichandbags decorated with brand logos. While donning a splattering of brand logos to dinner at the DUCling might seem excessive to some, it would certainly be a breath of fresh air to see something otherthan the same old Vineyard Vines logos that seem to be everywhere. Start small to ease into this trend.Accessories are a great way for beginners to experiment with this style. Just a few weeks back in Paris,Miu Miu's Spring 2018 models tamed their hair with thick sporty headbands emblazoned with the fashionhouse's name. Fashion has decreed: Branding is back and bigger than ever. Maybe that old Emorysweatshirt you bought during orientation week isn't so bad, after all.Faux FurCoziness comes to mind when thinking of fall, and for the more bougie students out there, that usuallymeans fur: rabbit fur, mink fur and chinchilla fur. But maybe it's time to consider faux fur. Recent calls toreconsider civil and animal rights have permeated the mainstream conscience, making faux fur astatement in itself. Even Gucci recently unveiled plans to renounce fur usage in its designs, and CEOMarco Bizzarri's announcement puts the fashion house alongside other icons such as Ralph Lauren andCalvin Klein in the aptly named Fur Free Alliance. The shift towards faux fur tells us that frugal fashioncan be trendy, too, and no doubt comes as a saving grace for the fashionable college student's budget.Being ethical is trendy, and now trendy is cheaper than ever. It's time to start watching our consumptionof furrier styles. We don't have to be cruel to be cool.ConclusionHigh fashion is starting dialogues on ugliness and ethics, and this fall, students have the chance to givenew meanings to campus coolness. Stay trendy, Emory, and stay in school.