A mounting sense of disappointment surrounds Emory's 2018 commencement speaker, Michael Dubin,co-founder and CEO of Dollar Shave Club. His unconventional path, however, from obtaining abachelor's degree in history to becoming a successful business owner, has been touted by some as atestament to the value of a liberal arts education. While a liberal arts education from a top university canserve you well, it is imperative to note that such an education only accessible to a select few andperpetuates a system that limits the mobility those of a lower socioeconomic class.Liberal arts education advocates cite academic exploration as key to identifying one's interests. Whilethat may be true, academic exploration is an inherently privileged pursuit. The ability to take a year tostudy the connections between organized religion and sexuality is a luxury. There are benefits todeveloping skills emphasized in the liberal arts world through non-major general education requirements(GERs). But skills like communication and curiosity can be accessed without paying $60,000 in tuition.Proponents argue financial aid and other scholarships make college accessible for anyone andeveryone. But that argument perpetuates the mentality that people should pull themselves up by theirbootstraps and further justifies the view that those who don't or can't are inferior and lazy. Theinaccessibility of four-year institutions extends beyond tuition. Students must also account for the fouryear opportunity cost of not working a full time job as a result of attending such an institution. GERs, aninherent feature of most liberal arts curriculums, make graduating in fewer than four years difficult.Students' ability to work is limited while attending college, and though their projected incomes may behigher post-graduation than they would without a degree, such a financial risk is a barrier for somestudents who may need to support families back home.Some assert that a liberal arts education is a precursor to being a socially conscious, effective citizen.Confining that knowledge to only the elites inhibits social mobility and maintains the current powerstructure by perpetuating stereotypes. It also portrays those who pursue other education options, suchas professional training programs and two-year colleges, as unfit to partake in the political system andscapegoats the uneducated as the source of government corruption, such as the blaming of uneducatedwhites for President Donald J. Trump's education, rather than actually holding those in power responsiblefor their actions.Willard Dix, a former admissions officer at Amherst College (Mass.) wrote, "[Liberal arts education]enables students to see beyond one perspective, encouraging them to understand others even if theydon't agree." While that argument stands, it insinuates that empathy is fostered through a liberal artseducation and is consequently an inherently elite value. As of 2015, only one-third of Americans over theage of 25 held four-year degrees. The aforementioned reasoning implies that two-thirds of the populationmay lack empathy, which just isn't true. That argument works as simply another justification forsubjugating those in a lower socioeconomic class as not only uneducated, but also less human.Madison Stephens (21C) is from Little Rock, Ark.