[caption id="attachment_28621" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] Ayushi Agarwal/Photo Editor[/caption]The Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives and Rare Book (Rose) Library plans to open its exhibit,"Building Emory's African American Collections: Highlights from the Curatorial Career of Randall K.Burkett," on Sept. 13, drawing from more than 230 manuscript collections and 15,000 publications. Theexhibit will both showcase Emory's extensive collection of African American artifacts and honor RandallBurkett, the first curator of Emory's African American Collections. Before he began working on theexhibit for Emory, Burkett, who has collected African American artifacts both privately and for Emory,already amassed a personal library of 6,000 books and other publications relating to his field. After a 21year tenure at the Rose Library, he retired Sept. 2. The exhibit is not limited to African American booksand manuscripts. It will also feature other items from other collections in which Burkett was involved,such as paintings, posters and a sword from the Civil War. "I just tried to think of the things I was mostinterested in — that people would enjoy," Burkett said. Kevin Young, director of the Schomburg Centerfor Research in Black Culture and former curator of literary collections at Emory's Rose Library, praisedBurkett's work. "Randall Burkett is the consummate curator—not only in his own collecting, but also inamassing Emory's capstone collection of Black Print Culture, a field he helped pioneer," Young said in aAug. 22 Emory Libraries press release. During his time at Emory, Burkett was instrumental in helping theUniversity acquire the papers of American authors Alice Walker and Pearl Cleage and historian CarterG. Woodson. Most notably, he helped obtain artists and activists Camille Billops and James Hatch'scollection of rare regarding the African American experience. Billops and Hatch's collection will be ondisplay in the exhibit, as well as a signed Phillis Wheatley manuscript of her poem "An Hymn toHumanity" and handwritten page of spells from the papers of Savannah, Ga., fortune teller Mamie WadeAvant. Other interesting pieces from the exhibit include a portrait depicting a utopian America after theCivil War as well as an almanac from Benjamin Banneker, who composed the street layout forWashington, D.C. One of Burkett's collecting areas was expatriate African American literature andcultural figures, and he traveled throughout Europe to obtain much of the collection. Burkett said hewanted to focus the exhibit on an area of African American history that is not already covered by theAuburn Avenue Research Library or the Atlanta History Center. "There is so much material in privatehands in Atlanta and around the country that there is no reason to compete with the local institutions,"Burkett said. Burkett also said he hopes the exhibit will be used by both Emory students and otherscholars from across the nation. "It's really important for students to understand that we're collectingthese rare materials for our students to use them … undergraduate, graduate students, faculty from allover the country and just independent researchers who are interested. Our collections are open to them,"Burkett said.The post Rose Library Honors Curator Randall Burkett's Career appeared first on The Emory Wheel.