[caption id="attachment_29636" align="aligncenter" width="1502"] College Council members expressconcern at Monday night's Student Government Association meeting that they were not as involved inthe audit committee./Carson Greene, Staff Writer[/caption] The 52nd Student Government Association(SGA) convened on Monday night to hear the club participation audit committee's final report. SGA alsodiscussed a bill proposed by SGA BBA Liason Geoffrey Tseng (19B) and BBA Council President JayKrishnaswamy (16Ox, 19B) on amending the Student Activities Fee (SAF) split to decrease funding forCollege Council (CC) and increase funding for BBA Council and Emory Student Nurses Association(ESNA).Audit FindingsThe audit committee's report recommended that Goizueta Business School students' contribution to CCbe reduced from 14 percent to three percent and Nursing school students' contribution to CC be reducedfrom 10 percent to four percent. The recommendation was based on the findings that 53 percent ofstudents participating in clubs funded by BBA Council were enrolled in the College. The reportrecommended raising BBA Council's funding from students in Goizueta from 34 percent to 45 percentand Nursing students' contributions to their own divisional council from 68 percent to 74 percent.Club Audit Committee Final Report by The Emory Wheel on ScribdBBA Council Proposes New SAF Fee SplitKrishnaswamy and Tseng proposed adjusting how the SAF is distributed among divisional councilsbased on the audit findings and the committee's findings. They proposed the bill at this meeting becausethere are only a limited number of SGA meetings left in the semester and they hope to pass the billbefore Dec. 15. CC Treasurer Hithardi Duggireddy (20C) expressed concern that the bill to change thefee split was rushed. "The [SAF] split should be more robust. It should be able to withstand at least forsome time because we can't change this every year or every semester. It just seems rushed,"Duggireddy said. CC Freshman Representative Chandler Smith (22C) told the Wheel after the SGAmeeting that he felt CC was not involved enough in the audit process, making the proposal unfair. "Weonly met two hours before [this meeting], and I wasn't included in the recommendation," Smith said. "I'mtroubled by the implementation and the methodology." Smith also expressed concern that both the billand the audit committee are headed by high-ranking members of the BBA Council. Tseng, who serveson the committee and sponsored the bill that formed the committee, serves on BBA Council.Representatives from each of the divisional councils are also on the committee. Huey O'Neil (21C), whooversaw the audit in a non-voting role, disputed Smith's characterizations. O'Neil wrote in a Nov. 28email to the Wheel that Smith previously voted for the methodology used to compile the committee'srecommendations. "Chandler has been present at the vast majority of audit meetings and played anintegral role in the execution of the audit," O'Neil wrote.Argument Over Legislative ProcedureKrishnaswamy and CC co-Chief of Staff Jacob Hicks (18Ox, 20C) argued about whether SGA coulddiscuss the bill without notifying all undergraduate students, because changing the SAF split is an "issueof significance" and the SGA Constitution requires SGA to notify all undergraduate students of suchproposals before discussing them. Krishnaswamy urged SGA to move the bill to the daily calendar fornext week so they could meet the SGA Finance Code's Dec. 15 deadline to amend the fee split for the2020-2021 academic year, while Hicks said that doing so without sending proper communication to thestudent body would be unconstitutional. "It is unconstitutional to vote on this without telling the studentbody," Hicks said. Krishnaswamy acknowledged the clause, but noted that SGA had already violatedthat rule earlier this year. "There are a lot of things that are unconstitutional that's happening,"Krishnaswamy said. "I'm just saying that you can't apply it [the Constitution] when you want to apply itand not apply it at other times." Krishnaswamy added that, previously, SGA justified sending thelegislative agenda sent before the weekly meetings to members of SGA and the Wheel as sufficientcommunication to the undergraduate student body. He specifically cited SGA voting on SGA VicePresident of Communications Tiffany Haas's (19C) bill to create a new executive position earlier thisyear as a violation of the SGA Constitution without notifying all undergraduates first. "The communicationthat was sent out that counted was essentially sending out the agenda, so if you are going to apply thesame rule, you have got to apply it both ways," said Krishnaswamy. Haas responded that she had theauthority to appoint a temporary deputy and that the bill that SGA voted on hasn't fully passed yet. "Ihave constitutional authority to establish my own assistant and I did so via a bill and I haven't done aconstitutional amendment yet, we are going to get to that in the spring," Haas said. The legislature did notresolve the question about the constitutionality of the proceedings on Monday night. Editor's Note(11/28/18 at 11:55 a.m.): A previous version of this article incorrectly said Tseng served as chair of theaudit committee. The Wheel removed the article from its website at 11:20 a.m. following notification of theerror. The revised article corrects the error and includes a response from O'Neil regarding Smith's roleon the audit committee.The post Audit Committee Recommends Decrease in College Council Funding appeared first on TheEmory Wheel.