On Jan. 16 at 5 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) officers on foot patrol discovered second-degreeburglary and criminal damage to the interior of Building A at Emory's Briarcliff Campus. Officers reportedan unknown subject shattered 10 windows in the building's central atrium throughout floors one throughfive. The officers found fire extinguisher powder and broken fluorescent light bulb tubes on the floor aswell as words spray painted onto the windows and walls. The officers checked the doors to the buildingand discovered that several were unsecured. The officers secured some of the doors, and askedFacilities Management to secure the rest. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 16 at 8:43 p.m., an officer patrolling Emory West campus discovered damage to the plywoodcovering a window of Candler Mansion. The officer was unable to find a suspect. Facilities Managementwas notified, but they said they already knew of the damage and declined to come repair it. The case hasbeen assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 19 at 2:32 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the Longstreet-Means Parking Deck. An Emorystudent reported the theft of his bike between Dec. 13, 2017, at 3 p.m. and Jan. 19, 2018, at 11:50 a.m.The student stated that when he returned from winter break his Trek X-Calibur bike and lock weremissing. The bike and lock are valued at $650 and $20, respectively. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 21 at 11:51 a.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a first-degreeburglary at 10 Eagle Row, the Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE) house, sometime between Dec. 15, 2017, and Jan.16, 2018. The student, who lives in the house, said that when he returned from winter break, his safewas gone and his drawers had been opened and rifled through. The safe contained $200 cash and awatch valued at approximately $500. The safe itself was valued at around $50. There was no sign offorced entry into the building or into the student's room. The victim noted that the sprinklers in the homewere replaced over winter break. EPD reached out to Facilities Management to inquire which companyreplaced the sprinklers, but Facilities Management did not know.The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 21 at 10:13 p.m., EPD responded to call transferred from Atlanta Police Dispatch regarding asuspicious person at Campus Crossing Briarcliff apartments on Briarcliff Road. Officers arrived on thescene and spoke with an Emory student who said that at 10:05 p.m. she was on the first level of theCampus Crossings parking garage when she saw a male wearing a black ski mask standing on a ledge.He made eye contact with her, but he did not say anything. The victim screamed and ran back into thebuilding. Officers searched the scene but did not locate the subject. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.