Former U.S. President and University Distinguished Professor Jimmy Carter urged in a letter to BrianKemp, Georgia's Republican gubernatorial candidate, to resign from his post as Georgia secretary ofstate, according to the Associated Press.Kemp has been accused of delaying at least 53,000 predominantly black voter applications, because hisoffice uses an "exact match" policy to verify the applications, according to AP. A federal judge onThursday issued an injunction to prevent Georgia from rejecting absentee ballots because ofmismatched signatures after several civil rights groups sued.The 39th president, who served as Georgia governor from 1971 to 1975, wrote on Oct. 22 that Kempshould relinquish his position to ensure a fair race, as the secretary of state oversees the election."In Georgia's upcoming gubernatorial election, popular confidence is threatened not only by theundeniable racial discrimination of the past and the serious questions that the federal courts have raisedabout the security of Georgia's voting machines, but also because you are now overseeing the electionin which you are a candidate," Carter wrote. "I urge you to step aside and hand over to a neutral authoritythe responsibility of overseeing the governor's election.Kemp Campaign Communications Director Ryan Mahoney responded to Carter's letter by suggestingthat Carter and Democratic gubernatorial candidate coordinated the attack, according to the NationalPublic Radio (NPR)."It's sad that she's using the former president to do her dirty work," Mahoney said.Kemp has refused to step down as Georgia secretary of state despite repeated calls to do so."While outside agitators disparage this office and falsely attack us, we have kept our head down andremained focused on ensuring secure, accessible, and fair elections for all voters," Kemp said in astatement to CNN. "The fact is that it has never been easier to register to vote and get engaged in theelectoral process in Georgia, and we are incredibly proud to report this new record."Abrams tweeted about Kemp's controversy and assured her voters that his alleged effort will not impedeher campaign."Feels like deja vu: 4 years ago, Kemp tried to keep 40k new voters off the rolls. It took a few years, butwe beat him," Abrams wrote. "A few months ago, he tried to close polling places, but we beat him theretoo. Now he's at it again, and we'll beat him — again."The post Carter to Kemp: Step Down as Ga. Secretary of State appeared first on The Emory Wheel.