All I truly care about is good storytelling and its ability to appeal to our humanity; it motivated mynosedive into student journalism. But most evidently, it is why I have and will always love movies.Therefore, the opportunity to attend the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) was an immensehonor. Over four days as my sister and I galavanted about Scotiabank Theatre and TIFF Lightbox, I sawstunning Chinese neon-soap noirs and dramas tackling themes as universal as grief — and as specificas black queerness in the American South. This is the first of four day-by-day observations andreflections on these films.TIFF DAY 1"Long Day's Journey Into Night" (B-)[caption id="attachment_28752" align="alignnone" width="551"] Courtesy of Bai Linghai[/caption] There isa certain pretension that people often associate with slow-burning, meditative foreign films. Extensive runtimes, long pans and extended takes can feel aimless if unaccompanied by some clever plot payoff orrevelatory theatrical performance. But Gan Bi's neo soap-noir "Long Day's Journey Into Night" confirmsthat these tools can be intermittently effective, especially when examining something as universal anduncompromising as a quest for love lost. The film's visual allure and contemplativeness made it theperfect flick with which to kick off my TIFF experience. "Long Day's Journey" focuses on Luo Hongwu's(Huang Jue) return to his hometown of Kaili, China, to find a woman he once loved. But his desire forreunion results in a non-sequential, long-distance run of a film with luminous karaoke bar scenes,intermittent bouts of violence and a nearly 50-minute long 3D section. While "Long Day's Journey" is avisually beautiful film to watch, it contains an undeniably complicated plot. I found myself questioning ifthe children Luo interacted with in Kaili were mere silhouettes of his past self and if the bickering elderlycouple was the same young couple shown earlier in the film. Further, the cartoonish representation ofLuo's love interest in the same emerald dress throughout their multiple encounters made me questionher mortality — made me question if Luo was interacting with a town now full of ghosts. By the time thecredits rolled, I had more questions than answers about Luo and the people of Kaili. But in hindsight, Ibelieve that was the point. While at times "Long Day's Journey" felt as though it was being dense for thesake of being dense rather than being integritous to the complicated central story, the ultimate confusionI and other audience members left the theater with proved to be a purposeful response to the film'scontemplation of time. Although Luo's initial journey is about finding a kindred spirit, the motifs usedthroughout the film — the readjustment or complete removal of clocks, the splintered shots of characterslooking at their own reflections in mirrors as time passes — implicitly result in a meditation on thetemporality of love and life itself. Watching the film, like living, is a clueless walkabout in and out of finitemoments that are enveloped by inconceivable dreams."Green Book" (A-)[caption id="attachment_28751" align="alignnone" width="571"] Courtesy of Universal Pictures[/caption]The world premiere screening of Peter Farrelly's "Green Book," which won the 2018 TIFF People'sChoice Award, was packed with fellow film fans, industry executives and the main cast of the film —Mahershala Ali, Viggo Mortensen and Linda Cardellini — all of whom participated in a question andanswer session with the audience after the screening. When discussing Ali's acting chops, Mortensensaid, "He is a better person than he is an actor and he is a h**l of an actor." The aforementioned castmembers and executive producer, Octavia Spencer, were as eloquent and generous with their time asone might have hoped. "Green Book" is based on the true relationship between the acclaimed andclassically trained black pianist, Don Shirley (Mahershala Ali), and the Italian-American Tony Lipp (ViggoMortensen), the driver Shirley hires to help him safely navigate the South on a series of performancespast the Mason-Dixon line in 1962. The film catalogs Tony and Shirley's relationship as the concert tourprogresses, as well as the letters Lipp and his wife Dolores (Linda Cardellini) write to one another. Thetitle of the film is eponymous to the pocket guide black travelers used during the Jim Crow era to identifythe hotels, restaurants and other establishments they were legally permitted to patronize. Upon arrivingto Toronto's Elgin Theater, I was surprised and relieved to see so many enthusiastic faces. Prior towatching any film about race, especially at a local Georgia theater, I tend to brace myself for thecombined frustration that typically pierces the room at the sight of lynchings or police brutality and bleedsinto the rest of the day. Moreso, I am used to only seeing other black audience members grimacingalongside me. But for some reason, watching "Green Book" in that somewhat diverse, although stillpredominantly white, Torontonian theatre was easy. I struggled to decipher if it was because Canada'scomparatively inclusive culture and acknowledgment of historical crimes made for a more receptiveaudience, or if geographic degrees of separation contributed to a more attentive audience. Butregardless, watching the surprisingly hilarious and dynamic friendship that blossoms between theworking class, potty-mouthed Lipp — who more than once facetiously and later remorsefully claims tobe "blacker than" Shirley — and Shirley, a well-traveled polyglot and closeted queer black man, is astirring and important story about racial passing, class struggle and ignorance. "Green Book"'s Asiancharacters were also an appreciated touch, as midcentury America is often only told as a white-blackstory. The sour bile that churns in my stomach when I see a black body assaulted on screen — as wellas in person — still heaved. I grew frustrated on behalf of Shirley, a man struggling to perform blackmasculinity in a way that was palatable for his wealthy white audience members and black peers alike.But Ali gives a stirring, controlled performance about a savant wrestling with intersectional belonging thatmust not be missed. Similarly, Mortensen's great migration era Italian-American ball buster schtick is soconvincing that hearing his cool-mannered voice during the Q&A was particularly sobering. While theactor's performances are individually great and collaboratively effective, "Green Book" truly shinesbecause of its ability to pose questions typically left unexplored on the big screen. Questions like: Whatdoes it mean to be black or black enough? What power does one gain from being either physically orculturally white passing? What role do those who benefit from white supremacy — either throughgenerational assimilation or proximity — play in dismantling racial oppression?The post The Wheel Takes TIFF: Day One (9/11) appeared first on The Emory Wheel.