The news business seems, today, to be business first, news second. Whenever President Donald J.Trump tweets, he causes a blast of stories from mainstream news outlets. Trump coverage hasgenerated an incredible amount of revenue for media outlets, but the media should be cautious aboutover-covering Trump. In a Nov. 23 editorial in The New York Times, columnist Nicholas Kristof criticizedhow journalists across the political spectrum have been manipulated by Trump.Trump's pejorative tweets about a migrant caravan from Central America heading toward the UnitedStates illustrate this manipulation: when Trump tweeted, "there are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan.We will stop them," mainstream media outlets such as Fox News and CNN rushed to react with eitherpraise or outrage. Regardless, Trump manipulates mainstream media by gaining attention from his boldstatements. According to Kristof, when Trump makes a statement, false or not, "he not only getscoverage, but also manages to control the media agenda." But the media doesn't have to keep makingthe same mistakes: it needs to stop aiding Trump's fear-mongering.Trump is the president and the media does have an obligation to cover what the president says, but themedia can and should do better to find alternative ways to cover his comments. According to James B.McClatchy Professor of Law at Stanford Law School Nathaniel Persily, statements that "millions of illegalvotes were cast" and "experts dispute Trump's claim that millions of illegal votes were cast" have thesame cognitive effect on news viewers: although one statement is true and the other is false, bothstatements breed suspicion over illegal voting. The more attention given to Trump's tweets instead of theactual story, it seems, the more fuel is added to the fire.In reporting on Trump, or reporting on any polarized issue in our country today, mainstream media mustbe aware of the "backfire effect" in social psychology: fighting with facts against passionate followers ofany movement seems not to work well, because when people are corrected with facts, they tend to clingeven more strongly to mistaken beliefs. When opponents of vaccines were presented with data about thevaccinations' benefits, they vaccinated even less. After conducting a 2013 study demonstrating thatpeople believe they know more than they actually do, Yale cognitive scientists Philip Fernbach andSteven Sloman named the phenomenon the "illusion of explanatory depth," and found that polarizedpolitical beliefs are "self-reinforcing." Sticking to one's beliefs, whether mistaken or not, even hasadaptive value: human beings experience a dopamine rush when they process information that supportstheir beliefs.But if fact-checking only makes people with different opinions double-down, how should the media coverlies and false narratives without propounding them? As a liberal, I would scoff if a conservative presentedme with data showing climate change is not human-induced, because I can pull up dozens of studiesthat say the exact opposite.So what kind of fact-checking is effective? I echo Kristof's statement that "mocking people for theirworldview is counterproductive." It is not surprising that Republicans listen more to other Republicanswhile Democrats listen more to other Democrats because they are members of the same communityand hold shared values.What is the answer, then, for the mainstream media in fighting Trump instead of furthering his spread ofmisinformation? There is no catch-all solution, but a productive step could be changing the conversation.There is no need to only focus on what Trump says or tweets simply because he is the president. Thelonger news corporations use Trump's outlandish statements as a ratings cash cow, the longer theyensure his ideas get attention.Countering Trump's claims with facts is not effective without first addressing the emotional responsesand appeal of Trump and his supporters. The mainstream media needs to stop taking the easy way outby simply commenting on Trump's comments, and instead start reporting the complicated truth.Ryan Fan (19C) is from Stony Brook, N.Y.The post Stop Talking About Trump's Absurd Commentary appeared first on The Emory Wheel.