On Oct. 25 at 5:29 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received an anonymous report from acampus security authority (CSA) regarding an alleged rape that occurred on the Oxford College campus.The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD forstatistical purposes.On Oct. 27 at 1:53 a.m., EPD responded to 15 Eagle Row, the Sigma Phi Epsilon (SigEp) and BetaTheta Pi fraternity house, in reference to a person down due to alcohol. When the officer arrived, EmoryEmergency Medical Services (EEMS) was providing medical attention to a female Emory student.American Medical Response (AMR) responded to the scene shortly after. The female student attended aparty at the house, where she consumed alcohol after a male who was serving drinks grabbed her bythe wrist and told her that she was a b***h if she did not drink a shot. The female student reported that hepoured normal-sized shots of vodka for males and a "very tall shot of vodka" for her. The subject drankthe vodka shot and then noticed the same male following her for the remainder of the time that she wasat the party. The subject told officers she was afraid that he wanted to take advantage of her while shewas intoxicated. AMR transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life wasnotified about the incident.On Oct. 27 at 11:15 a.m., EPD received a theft report. The complainant, an Emory employee, said herealized that he misplaced his wallet on Oct. 26 at 4 p.m. The complainant said he could have lost hiswallet while dropping off and picking up items at the Schwartz Center for Performing Arts earlier that day.Later that day, the complainant received a phone call from his credit card company regarding suspiciousactivity on his account. The complainant discovered that someone had used his card to spend about$950 at Target. The complainant told officers he is resolving the incident with his bank, has canceled hisother credit cards and is in the process of disabling his Emory card. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Oct. 28 at 12:44 a.m., an EPD officer patrolling Eagle Row at Peavine Creek Drive noticed an Emorystudent drinking from a Bud Light can. The subject tried to hide the beer can when the officer approachedher. When the officer asked the subject for an ID, she gave him a California driver's license and said shewas 21 years old. The officer confiscated the ID after EPD Dispatch discovered that it was fake. Theofficer also threw away the subject's beer can. The subject eventually provided the officer with her realdriver's license. The officer cited the subject for violation of Atlanta ordinances underage purchase,possession or drinking of alcohol and false representation to a police officer. The subject's court date isset for Dec. 17. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Oct. 30, EPD responded to the ground floor of Raoul Hall in reference to a theft report. The officerspoke with the complainant, the Raoul Hall complex director and an Emory student. The student saidshe noticed that food items totaling up to $20 were missing from her dorm between Sept. 11 and Oct. 19.The victim said she is more concerned about "maintaining a feeling of safety" in her room than beingreimbursed for the stolen food. The subject said there were no apparent signs of forced entry and thatshe shares her room with one roommate, who denied any involvement in this incident. The case hasbeen assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 31 at 10:01 a.m., EPD responded to the Woodruff Memorial Research Building in reference to areport of card fraud. The complainant, an Emory employee, reported that when she arrived at work onOct. 23, she found her desk drawer unlocked and a pouch of tuna missing, and she noticed that twoEmory credit cards were not where she usually puts them. The complainant said she typically locks herdesk drawer before leaving work each evening. On Oct. 24, the Emory employee received an email fromJPMorgan Chase Fraud Prevention informing her that her account had been closed after someone triedto make several purchases with one of her Emory credit cards on Nike, Amazon and a daycare center inLouisiana. The complainant said she destroyed the card and has requested a new one. She also found asticky note on her desk with the account number of her other Emory credit card written on it. On Oct. 25at 12:29 p.m., the complainant discovered fraudulent activity on the second credit card. Two transactionstotaling $4,000 were made on Oct. 25 at a child care center Newnan, Ga., in addition to unspecifiedcharges with Uber, Venmo and Google. The complainant said she leaves the key to her desk drawer in ahiding place on her desk that only a select few employees know about. The case has been assigned toan investigator.The post Crime Report | 11.7.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.