On Aug. 31 at 9:05 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call from 6 Eagle Row, theSigma Chi house, in reference to a theft. The complainant, a Gill Grilling employee, said that she enteredthe kitchen that morning and noticed missing food, burned potatoes and jalapenos in the sink, and theoverhead fan she usually kept on was not running. The complainant said she believes that sometimebetween 8 p.m. on Aug. 30 and 8 a.m. on Aug. 31, someone entered the kitchen, stole food and cookedbefore fleeing. The stolen items include five pounds of chicken breast, a gallon bag of cooked potatoes, afew jalapenos, a container of hummus and two cartons of liquid eggs, according to the employee. Thetotal value of the stolen items is $65. The complainant said the door to the kitchen area was locked whenshe returned and there were no signs of forced entry. The complainant told officers she would attempt tochange the lock on the door. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 1 at 1:24 a.m., EPD responded to 15 Eagle Row, the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house, inreference to an Emory student down due to alcohol. When officers arrived, Emory Emergency MedicalServices (EEMS) was providing medical treatment to the subject. The subject told EEMS that he drankabout seven shots of liquor and threw up three times prior to their arrival. The subject was coherent whilehe was receiving treatment but had glossy eyes and smelled of alcohol. An officer asked the subject if hecould go through the subject's wallet in order to identify him, and the subject agreed. The officer foundtwo driver's licenses, one from California and one from Rhode Island. The officer determined the RhodeIsland license was fraudulent and confiscated it. When asked where he obtained the fake license, thesubject said "Reddit." The subject told the officer he obtained the alcohol from another Emory student.After American Medical Response (AMR) responded to the location and transported the subject toEmory University Hospital (EUH), the officers visited the student who allegedly supplied the underagesubject with alcohol. The student said he did not provide alcohol to the subject and was confused aboutwhy his name was mentioned. The student said the subject came to his room sometime after 10 p.m.and was already intoxicated. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 2 at 2:57 a.m., EPD responded with EEMS to Eagle Row at Peavine Creek Drive in referenceto a person lying in the road. When officers arrived, they made contact with the complainant and subject,both Emory students. The subject was unsteady on his feet, had slurred speech and smelled of alcohol.While EEMS provided the subject with medical attention, the officers spoke to the complainant. Thecomplainant said she had met the subject that night when they shared an Uber back to campus. Shesaid the subject was at Dark Horse Tavern and Maggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill earlier that night,but she did not know how much he had to drink. When an officer asked the complainant for her ID, shesaid she did not have one. The officer then asked for her name, date of birth and state from which herdriver's license was issued. The complainant responded with her real name and state but gave anincorrect date of birth. The officer asked EPD Dispatch to run her name, date of birth and state throughthe system. Dispatch reported that there was nothing on file, but when they ran her name through OPUSthey found her with a different date of birth listed. The complainant was three years younger than sheinitially reported to EPD. The officer continued to ask the complainant about her date of birth, but thecomplainant still reported the incorrect date. The officer explained to the complainant that lying to police isa crime, and the complainant ultimately gave her correct date of birth. The complainant also told theofficer that she drank alcohol that night and that she has a fake New York driver's license, but it was noton her at the time. The officer cited the complainant for violation of Atlanta Ordinance 106-90: falserepresentation to police or any city department. The subject refused to be transported to the hospital. Afriend of the subject arrived at the location and said he would watch over him that night. Campus Life wasnotified about the incident.On Sept. 2 at 10 a.m., EPD responded to the Student Activities and Academic Center (SAAC) onEmory's Clairmont Campus in reference to a physical altercation on the basketball court. The officersmet with the complainant and a witness who both said they were playing basketball when a man and thesubject got into a physical altercation, throwing punches and wrestling. Other players separated the twomen. The subject then began threatening the other players, saying he was going to "get his 40," from hiscar, likely referring to a .40 caliber firearm. The subject then called someone on the phone, telling theperson to bring his "s**t" to him. The officers approached the subject and asked for his name. Thesubject responded with a fake name and continued to walk up the stairs, becoming confrontational. Theofficer asked him to stop and attempted to talk to him about the incident. When the officer asked for hisdriver's license, the subject asked why and said that it was in his vehicle. An acquaintance of the subjectwalked by and referred to the subject by a different name. The officer asked the subject why he hadgiven a false name earlier, and he responded he didn't know why. After the officer arrested the subjectfor providing a false name, the subject began complaining of difficulty breathing and chest pain. Thesubject asked for his asthma inhalers from his book bag, but when the officers tried assisting him withdelivering a dose, the subject asked for an ambulance instead. One of the officers escorted the subjectto a bench to wait for EMS to arrive. AMR EMS and DeKalb County Fire Rescue personnel arrived onthe scene and checked on the subject. They advised the officer that the subject's vital signs werenormal, and they would not transport him to the hospital. The officers cited and released the subjectbecause of his health complaints and because it was Labor Day weekend. The officers ordered thesubject to leave the SAAC, but he refused. An officer spoke with the SAAC director of operations, whoasked the officer to issue a trespass warning to the subject. The subject finally left the SAAC after hisfriends pleaded with him to leave.On Sept. 4 at 8:15 a.m., an EPD officer was monitoring a pedestrian crosswalk on foot at Michael Streetand Clifton Road when a traffic accident occurred. The officer saw an Emory student traveling southdown Clifton Road on a blue motorcycle at high speeds. The officer lost sight of the subject as sheapproached heavy traffic at the intersection of Clifton Road and Eagle Row. Shortly after, the officerheard the motorcycle's engine rev up and the sound of a collision. As the officer approached the scene,he observed the victim exit his vehicle at the intersection while the motorcycle took a right onto EagleRow. The officer spoke to the victim, who said a blue motorcycle had struck the rear end of his car andleft the scene. The officer advised the victim to pull into the parking lot of the Depot by Kaldi's Coffee onEagle Row and wait for him while he tried to catch up to the suspect. The officer advised dispatch of thehit and run and gave a description of the motorcycle. Another officer located the motorcycle on thesecond floor of the Lowergate Parking Deck and asked dispatch to run the motorcycle's tag. The vehiclewas registered to Jenna Meints, an Emory School of Law student. Dispatch advised the officer thatMeints was in a class in Gambrell Hall at the time. Officers went to the classroom and spoke to Meints.When asked if Meints knew why they need to speak with her, she responded, "Yeah, the motorcycleaccident this morning." Meints said that after the accident, she pulled over on Eagle Row near to theDepot by Kaldi's Coffee and waited for police, but they never came. The officer asked her how long shewaited and she stated she only waited for a short period of time. The officer who was at the scene toldher he drove down Eagle Row approximately 90 seconds after the accident and didn't see her anywhere,and camera footage showed her going down Eagle Row without pulling over anywhere. When an officerasked why Meints did not call 911, she responded, "I didn't think of that." Meints was arrested andcharged with hit and run and following too closely. Meints was booked into DeKalb County Jail and hermotorcycle was left in the Lowergate Parking Deck. If found guilty, she could face up to 12 months inprison. Meints did not respond to the Wheel's request for comment by press time.On Sept. 4 at 5 p.m., EPD responded to the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC) inreference to stolen property. The complainant, an Emory student, stated that at 2:30 p.m., he placed hisGucci Ace shoes in locker 808 in the men's locker room on the ground floor of the WoodPEC. When hereturned at 4:45 p.m., he discovered they were missing. The shoes are valued at $600. There are nocameras in the area surrounding the locker room. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 9.12.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.