Last September, when Netflix dropped Season 1 of "American Vandal," a mockumentary about thephallic-shaped vandalization of teacher's cars and the subsequent student-led investigation to clear thename of the so-called "slacker" accused of the crime, it wasn't expected to be anything special. It wasthought to be nothing more than a single "dick" joke spread across eight episodes. Surprisingly, theseries proved a genuine triumph, expertly blending its absurd comedic premise with a surprisinglygripping and emotional story about how high-schoolers get labeled and are forced to fit into specific socialcategories. Needless to say, Season 2, released on Sept. 14, 2018, had a lot to live up to, and, thoughthere are hiccups along the way, the series once again delivers a satisfying season. Season 2 followsthe same documentary team, Peter Maldonado (Tyler Alvarez) and Sam Ecklund (Griffin Gluck), as theytravel to a Catholic private school to uncover the identity of the "turdburglar," an entity that has beenterrorizing the school through fecal-related pranks such as a laxative-laced lemonade jug, an excrementstuffed pinata and some T-shirt cannons stuffed with dried cat feces. As the team investigates the prankspree, they uncover a web of corruption, deceit and high-school drama that only grows wider with theevidence they unearth. The second season boasts the same technical inventiveness as the first, withsocial media platforms such as Snapchat and Instagram playing a key part in the team's investigationinto the "turdburglar." The way the series utilizes realistic social media posts that not only gives insightinto the character of who posted it, but also propels the plot forward by exhibiting minute details thatprovide evidence for the investigation is remarkable. It truly is a marvel of efficient storytelling. Particularhighlights of this season are the complex characters who become the subject of the mockumentary. Inseason one, Dylan Maxwell, the student accused of the penis vandalization, is the only character givensignificant character development. This time around, all of the significant recurring characters displaypersonal motivations, arcs and quirks. Whether it be Kevin McClain (Travis Trope), the socially distantstudent who is punished for the "turdburglar" crimes, or the outgoing DeMarcus Tillman (played toperfection by Melvin Gregg), the star basketball player who eventually becomes a suspect, thecharacters are given the time and focus to develop into believable people. In addition, all of the actorsgive well-rounded performances that provide gravity for the situations they face, as well as allowing forthe occasional bit of realistic, in-character comedy. Frankly, Season 2 is simply not as funny as itspredecessor. There is no moment that comes close to the major break in season one when Peter andSam realized that the vandal didn't draw pubes on the spray-painted penises, or the deep-diveinvestigation, with computer models that look straight out of a JFK assassination conspiracy video, ofwhether or not a handjob at a lake actually occurred. This season, there is a distinct separation betweencomedic moments and plot-progression, which causes it to be much more uneven. That is not to say itisn't funny. There are many chuckle-worthy moments derived from some of the eccentricities of Kevin'scharacter and the larger-than-life personality of DeMarcus. However, there's no real gut-bustingmoments anywhere in the season. The story of the "turdburglar" is not as immediately engaging as thatof the mystery of "who drew the dicks?" For most of the season, it appears as though the show issticking to the first season's formula. That is, until the final episodes, which upend the pacing andstructure that the show had been clinging to and make the tension and eventual conclusion all the moresatisfying. The last two episodes are some of the best television released all year — it's a shame the sixpreceding episodes could not live up to their eventual conclusion. On a narrative level, the conclusion isunsatisfying and feels a bit like a cheat, but thematically, it is the perfect ending for the story,emphasizing the themes of public appearance, social media, isolation and the need for an authenticrelationship. There's a particular scene in the finale in which DeMarcus is completely emotionally open ina car with the documentary crew that is both poignant and emotionally resonant. Season 2 of "AmericanVandal" makes the synchronized defecation of an entire school into a surprisingly powerful messageabout modern teenagers. If you don't think that's even a bit impressive, then you're full of s**t.Grade: B+The post Poop Jokes Surprisingly Poignant in "American Vandal" Season 2 appeared first on The EmoryWheel.