It's frustrating when a great performance is trapped in a mediocre film. Such is the case of Daniela Vega,an immensely gifted performer and one of the most extraordinary recent breakout talents. In fact, shemade history as the first transgender actress to receive an Oscar campaign for Best Actress (but wasnot nominated). She plays Marina Vidal in Chilean filmmaker Sebastian Lelio's new drama "A FantasticWoman" — a standout piece of acting marred by weak, unimaginative direction.Marina is a transgender nightclub singer who works as a waitress by day. Her longtime partner, Orlando(Francisco Reyes), gifts her a trip on her birthday. They party and make love, but he wakes up in themiddle of the night acting strangely. Soon, he collapses. Marina rushes him to the hospital, where hedies. She calls his good-natured brother Gabo (Luis Gnecco), who helps her handle the incoming familymembers. In the coming days, the police pester her for fleeing the hospital in a moment of fear, as doesOrlando's intolerant sister Sonia (Aline Kuppenheim), who refuses to invite her to the funeral.Essentially, "A Fantastic Woman" is trying to be two things — a melodrama about the psychologicalstate of grief and a social realist picture about transgender rights. Lelio flounders in both regards, butVega's performance knocks both out of the park. The two are clearly working together but are not on thesame wavelength.Lelio's boring grab-bag of formal tricks is pulled straight from the toolbox of modern art house cinema,notably magical realism and elliptical storytelling. Simply, these techniques have been employed to muchgreater effect by his contemporaries. In particular, the magical realism provides a somewhat effective, ifrudimentary, window into Marina's psychological state. Orlando often appears to her as a ghostlypresence, and she is individually swept up in cataclysmic weather. But other Latin American filmmakershave adapted this literary tradition in more thoughtful ways. Lelio also leans too far into the visuallanguage of mirrors, with many shots focusing on Marina's reflection. These shots are a nice touch atfirst, considering all of the questions it brings to mind about identity and perception, but it becomes yetanother overused trick fairly quickly. If there is one piece of praise to give Lelio, however, it is that hecaptures the emotion in Vega's face with some level of care.On the other side of the coin, not enough praise can be thrown at Vega's central performance. "AFantastic Woman" lives and dies by her ability to carry the emotion of the film on her shoulders, and shefar surpasses any expectations of an actress. Few performers have ever been such a natural screenpresence, and you can't take your eyes off her. She navigates the film's stylistic tightrope perfectly,registering every naturalistic and melodramatic beat with the utmost precision and power. Sadly, it oftenfeels as if she had no collaborative role in telling this story, though she's the most qualified person on setto do so.It is crucial that filmmakers consider telling the stories of people who aren't like them, otherwise the worldof cinema would be nothing but navel-gazing nonsense. But questions of representation come with thatconsideration, and telling those stories must be done empathetically and collaboratively. Here, Lelio fails.Vega's performance — the magnetic pole of the film — feels imprisoned by his lens. She could breakfree and take the film in the right direction, but Lelio traps her within his austere regurgitations of auteuriststyle. Every time I saw him pulling the puppet strings, I wanted to reach into the screen and slap hiswrists. He's too timid of a filmmaker to tackle this story, refusing to allow it to become the greatmelodrama it could be and constantly dragging it back into didactic territory. What a Douglas Sirk, PedroAlmodovar or Todd Haynes could have done with Vega's performance and this concept would havebeen magical.Despite this interior rift in quality, "A Fantastic Woman" has real social value. By shedding light ontransgender issues in an accessible format, it does something that few films have achieved before. Thecasting of Vega in the lead role is a watershed moment. But one wishes that this moment belonged to abetter film — and that a better filmmaker was receiving the accolades for it. In the end, it's a cryingshame that Lelio didn't take notice and allow a fantastic woman to lead the way.Grade: B