As an English major, I often feel overlooked and left out on campus. I know there are more of us than areimmediately apparent, but I can't help feeling shocked and thrilled when I meet someone else in mydepartment. According to Emory's 2017-18 Common Data Set, the College awarded 3.12 percent of lastyear's graduating class bachelor degrees in English, compared to 16.22 percent who earned bachelorsin business or marketing and 13.22 percent who earned bachelors in biological or life sciences. I tried tofit into the pre-business mold, signing up for economics courses and trying to convince myself that QTM100 wasn't that bad. But after just a week of those, I realized Goizueta was not for me. If I didn't enjoythese topics now, why would I enjoy them any more in 30 years?As I looked through the syllabus for a literature class, I suddenly found myself much more excited for thenext four years than I felt in economics. That's when I finally understood the Emory mission to inspire alove for lifelong learning, as I finally was looking forward to class in a way I hadn't experienced before. Ideclared my major in the English department not long after that.However, I didn't fully realize the extent to which the emphasis on these pre-professional-orientedsubjects pervades the undergraduate experience until I arrived on campus in 2017. It's not even aboutbeing outnumbered; I am often met with judgement, bordering on hostility, when I reveal that I amstudying English and political science — as though I am somehow not on the same academic level asthe hordes of pre-med and pre-business students that dominate campus. If I complain about being tiredafter a long night of studying, I receive dubious looks accompanied by the snarky, "It's not like you haveto study. You're an English major" as though I am not allowed to struggle academically because of my"easy" major. While I understand that ,now more than ever, liberal arts majors are incredibly valued in theworkplace for their ability to adapt to new situations, these comments from my peers sting nonetheless.However, I have found solace in the exceptional quality of professors within the comparatively smallEnglish and political science departments. Last week, almost a year after I arrived at Emory, I cameacross a flyer for the Decatur Book Festival. While I am an avid reader and thoroughly enjoy hearingpanels about modern literary topics, I didn't think much of the flyer. Honestly, I thought it was a mistakethat it was posted on this campus. Imagine my surprise when I discovered the festival was presented byEmory University. Emory? A literary event? Then I noticed the number of English faculty on the eventschedule. I even recognized a political science professor speaking. Emory's English department iscomposed of incredibly accomplished faculty — the Creative Writing Program is nationally recognized.That being said, I've felt those accomplishments are often not given the notoriety of similaraccomplishments from other fields.Emory's impressive showing at the event was reassuring in and of itself, but it was more than just thenumber of Emory English students and faculty members who were present and discussing their work.When I hear about Emory in the news or around campus, it is often in the form of science research orbusiness accolades. While I still take pride in that recognition as a member of the Emory community, Ioften feel as though my own impact can never be as significant, all because of the subjects I study.Emory's involvement in the Decatur Book Festival changed that. That weekend was one of the firsttimes I was able to relate to someone accomplishing things in the name of the University. It wasn't justthe individual professor or faculty being recognized for their expertise; it validated the entire Englishdepartment, and me by extension. I have always been proud to study English at such an accomplisheduniversity, but the Decatur Book Festival made me feel a little less alone in that endeavor.The post Studying English at Emory A Worthwhile Endeavor appeared first on The Emory Wheel.