U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor said that she has never felt like she has"completely belonged," pointing to the need for diversity on the Supreme Court in her Tuesday afternoontalk at the Glenn Memorial Auditorium.Sotomayor, the first Hispanic justice to serve on the Supreme Court, answered questions fromAssociate Professor of Law Fred Smith Jr. and three Emory Law School students in front of an audienceof about 1,000 Emory School of Law students, alumni and faculty members."When people walk into a system and [they] don't see anybody who looks like [them], it underminesconfidence in that system," Sotomayor said, adding that diversity can refer to life experience, gender andrace. "Every justice comes from an Ivy League school — that affects our policy choices."Conversations, Sotomayor said, are richer and broader when people of different backgrounds participate.She pointed to the 2009 case Safford Unified School District v. Redding, in which the Supreme Courtruled a 13-year-old girl was unconstitutionally strip searched on the basis of hearsay. Some of the malejustices' questions suggested that the search was similar to boys undressing in a locker room."[Supreme Court Associate] Justice [Ruth Bader] Ginsburg was reputed to have said, 'I don't think mycolleagues understand what it feels like to be a 13-year-old girl who wants to protect the integrity of herbody,'" Sotomayor said. "She was right: If you have not experienced the pain, you may not know howdeep it runs."Sotomayor also bemoaned the lack of specialized areas of legal expertise among the Supreme Courtjustices."No justice on the court has had direct experience with immigration law, environmental law, and no otherjustice except Justice [Anthony] Kennedy has done criminal defense law," Sotomayor said. "There is alack of experience represented in our court."Sotomayor reflected upon her experience as a minority navigating Princeton University (N.J.) and howthat allowed her to later ascend to the Supreme Court. The first person in her family to attend college,Sotomayor said she sometimes felt ostracized because of her identity."The first four years of Princeton felt like I didn't belong, and not fitting in has followed me to the SupremeCourt," Sotomayor said. "What I have to remind myself every day is I may not belong 100 percent, butI'm here. They have to deal with me."Sotomayor also advised students to use their ethnicity and culture "as an anchor" to keep themgrounded, not as a "wall."The Barack Obama-appointed justice added levity to her discussion, reminiscing about the first case sheheard on the nation's highest court."Oh, my first case?" Sotomayor asked. "It was a little [one], not very important: Citizens United [v. FEC]."The justice concluded her discussion by emphasizing the importance of reading the Supreme Court'sdecisions, where the justices' reasoning is explained."We explain our decisions in the hope that despite the pain [of the decision], people will understand whatour thinking was," Sotomayor said. "Most people react to our outcomes, [but] very few people spend thetime and energy to actually read what we write and actually think about the debate. Next time you don'tlike something the Supreme Court has done, read it first."The Supreme Court delayed a case Thursday concerning the constitutionality of North Carolina'sredrawn congressional districts, in which Sotomayor and Ginsburg dissented.Ashley Payne (13L) told the Wheel that she appreciated how the justice tied her personal experiences tothe importance of representation on the bench."Her presence and the power of her story reminded me of the importance of ensuring that the players inour legal system represent as much diversity as is possible," Payne wrote in a Feb. 6 email to theWheel. "That said, diversity cannot be limited to gender or ethnicity but must also include an array ofdiverse life experiences, religions and so on."Evvie Walker (19L) wrote that Sotomayor's talk reaffirmed Walker's resolve to pursue her legal studies."There are days in law school where all of your goals seem absolutely impossible to reach but hearingher speak today reminded me that although this work is challenging, it is work worth doing," Walkerwrote in a Feb. 6 email to the Wheel.