Science fiction has long been one of the most popular genres in film and literature. It allows us to projectquestions of personal, social and philosophical depth onto the cold field of science, humanizing thesefields and making them more digestible. The modern era is plagued by questions, and the need forscience to answer them has never felt so pressing. In classic cinematic fashion, director Alex Garland's"Annihilation," based on the novel by Jeff VanderMeer, provides our generation with its ultimate sci-fipicture, a beautiful head trip that transcends its flaws to become a contemporary landmark.The film opens on Lena (Natalie Portman), who is an ex-military biologist teaching at Johns HopkinsUniversity. Her husband Kane (Oscar Isaac) has been missing for a year since he left for a mission withthe U.S. Army. One evening, he returns home and falls mortally ill. The next morning, Lena finds herselfin a remote outpost, with machines keeping her husband alive. Dr. Ventress (Jennifer Jason Leigh)reveals that Lena's husband was the sole survivor of an expedition into the Shimmer, an expandingecosystem that consumes everything around it. No other teams survived. In order to save her husband,Lena joins Ventress and three other volunteers — paramedic Anya (Gina Rodriguez), physicist Josie(Tessa Thompson) and surveyor Cass (Tuva Novotny) — on one final attempt to discover the origin ofthe Shimmer.Garland, who began his career as a writer for mid-aughts genre hits like "28 Days Later" and "Sunshine,"has grown in his skills since taking on directing. His debut feature, 2015's "Ex Machina," was a chilling,intimate dive into the relationship between humans and technology. "Annihilation" continues Garland'sexploration into contemporary scientific and ethical issues. It is "2001: A Space Odyssey" for an erawhen our environment tries to kill us, when our personal lives become entwined with larger threats to thephysical world. That isn't the only legendary film Garland draws inspiration from — another notableexample is Andrei Tarkovsky's "Stalker," a portrait of psychological, ecological and political states ofbeing.In one sense, Garland is an even better director than writer, though both skills are essential to his voicein the world of science fiction. Unfortunately, his writing sometimes suffers from over-explanation, whichcertainly true in "Annihilation." Garland's characters spew intensely scientific expositions, which isn'tnecessary for a general audience to understand the film and detracts from his gorgeous, impressionisticsequences. Perhaps the greatest moment in the picture is the nearly wordless, 20-minute stretch in thethird act, which condenses the metaphysical and scientific journey of the entire film into an avant-gardepackage. The images and sounds could have been ripped from a Stan Brakhage film, a beyond thrillingthing to see in a wide-released studio film. Remnants of a flashback structure hinder the picture's flow,but it fashions itself into a stunningly ambitious and emotional final moment that raises 10 times as manyquestions as it answers.Still, the film's strongest element is by far its cast. As Cass says early in the film, all of the maincharacters are "damaged goods" — people haunted by the tragedy of their pasts who take on a suicidemission precisely because they have nothing left to lose. Lena, Ventress and company are looking foranswers in a broader mystery represented by the Shimmer itself. Portman is incredible in the lead, asusual, but the tough-minded Rodriguez and nuanced Thompson steal the show as their characters. Inthe tradition of films like "Alien," "Annihilation" is hard sci-fi anchored by brilliant women, all complex intheir own right, fighting against violent, horrifying forces beyond their control. Though some credit belongsto Garland, the majority belongs to the extraordinary cast. In a way, "Annihilation" is ultimately a filmabout how women will save our world from oblivion.As with all lofty and challenging works of art, "Annihilation" poses a threat to the Hollywood status quo. Ina controversial move, Paramount Pictures sold the rights to "Annihilation" to Netflix in all foreignterritories. Reports stated that the studio was afraid that such an ambiguous, strange film would alienateaudiences. But Paramount couldn't have been more wrong. Garland has crafted a sci-fi spectacle for theages, one that replaces explosions and cataclysmic disasters with deeply engaging questions about thenature of psychology and the environment. "Annihilation" asks a lot of its audience, but depriving them ofsuch a film should be criminal. If you are in the United States, do your part and see "Annihilation" as itshould be seen — on the biggest screen possible, where its sights and sounds can overwhelm yourmind and senses.Grade: B+