[caption id="attachment_29580" align="alignnone" width="1024"] Courtesy of Paul Conroy[/caption]Based on the life of American journalist Marie Colvin (Rosamund Pike), "A Private War," directed byMatthew Heineman, is a haunting portrayal of the atrocities of warfare. The film vividly depicts Colvin'sjourney, covering a vast number of conflicts in countries including Kosovo, Sri Lanka, Iraq, Libya andSyria, as it elucidates the world's blindness to its own harsh realities and true horrors, as well as the riskreporters like Colvin take in placing their lives on the line to deliver the truth. The film begins with a silent,eerie shot of a city decimated by bombings, missiles and gunfire. From the beginning, the film does notshy away from highlighting the complete desolation of conflict-ridden cities and countries. Early scenesdepict Colvin covering the Sri Lankan Civil War in 2001, where she becomes injured in an attack andloses her left eye. Back home, her husband doesn't find her beautiful anymore and, unable to stand hereyepatch, leaves her. Thus begins Colvin's journey of extreme psychological hardship, as she battlesher personal issues while reporting upon the rampant death and destruction caused by warfare. Themovie excels at showcasing how post-traumatic stress disorder can gradually take over one's life.Colvin has recurring nightmares of her experiences on the frontlines of conflict. Full credit for pulling offthis feat goes to Pike, who delivers one of the best performances of her career to honor Colvin's legacy.From her unabashed courage in the face of mortal danger to portraying her trauma through alcoholismand excessive smoking, Pike nails every single detail that played into her character. Her changingmannerisms, facial expressions and even the increasing hoarseness of her voice caused by cigarettes,all serve to wonderfully embody the personal struggles Colvin faced while maintaining her career. Thesupporting cast, namely war photographer Paul Conroy (Jamie Dornan), who embarked on Colvin'sexperience, and Colvin's editor Sean Ryan (Tom Hollander), do an excellent job with their owncharacters by complementing Pike's performance and providing her with guidance, motivation and hopeat appropriate times. The film has some rapid, jarring transitions between scenes, yet it moves at a briskpace and does not feel broken. Perhaps this stylistic element was intentionally employed as arepresentation of the chaotic nature of warfare, as the quick cuts sometimes left the audiencedisconcerted, keeping things unpredictable and disruptive. The movie consists of extremely well-donecomputer-generated imagery explosions and does not fall into the trap of sacrificing the quality of visualeffects — a tradition for action and war movies — by keeping the use of big explosions and set pieces toa minimum. The shots were breathtaking at times, yet also evoked despondence as the audiencewitnessed the annihilation of formerly beautiful cities and their citizens. Innocent civilians, particularlywomen and children, are shown dying, as Colvin attempts to tell their heartbreaking stories to the rest ofthe world. The movie reveals bloody, marred bodies, injuries and, at times, even skeletons thatemphasize the inhumanity of battle and cost of war. The gravitas of this, however, is much moreprofound compared to other war movies, as the filmmakers choose to focus on the protagonists'reactions to such haunting images and the ways it affects their mental health. The score is satisfying andaccompanies the on-screen action well. It truly shines when the narrative moves on to a modern conflict:the Syrian Civil War. As the camera pans over the city of Homs in Syria, whose destruction was theevent that catalyzed the Syrian Civil War, the track "Requiem For A Private War," composed for thismovie by Scottish singer Annie Lennox, begins to play. The song sends shivers along the spine due toits slow, melancholic tune. Lennox's hauntingly beautiful voice, accompanied by the visuals of a oncegreat city, now ravaged and in ruins, makes the scene a sight to behold. "A Private War" is a fitting tributeto a woman who worked tirelessly to bring the voices of the oppressed and the unheard to the world.However, the film is more than a homage to Colvin — it illustrates the necessity of journalism. Whenfalse propaganda and information is being fed to the masses via dubious sources and social media, it ismore important than ever to have journalists like Colvin who actively seek out the truth. Furthermore, itdraws attention to several severe humanitarian crises of the century. Ultimately, "A Private War" is a taleof not only Colvin's personal battles but also of the fight for humanity. The filmmakers send out a plea tothe rest of the world: be aware of the inhumane acts of brutality that are happening all over the world.Grade: AThe post 'A Private War' a Haunting Tale of a Remarkable Woman appeared first on The Emory Wheel.