The Vietnam War, nicknamed the "Living Room War," marked a shift in American conflict; for the firsttime, war footage from abroad was broadcast to American audiences. This coverage exacerbated bothpre-existing skepticism toward America's involvement in Vietnam and national anxiety about America'srapidly changing social fabric spurred on by Second Wave feminism, counter culturists and BlackLiberation efforts. But in addition to the rise of anti-war sentiment, and backlash against it, 20th centuryAmerica was defined by the infusion of political ideas into American entertainment. While this fusion canmake news and political ideas more approachable, it can also lead viewers of political satire to associatetheir viewership with actual political participation. Furthermore, if we acquire our only knowledge aboutcurrent events and social strife from satire, we run the risk of treating real problems like jokes."Saturday Night Live" (SNL) premiered in October 1975, six months after the Vietnam War ended, butthe notion of a sketch comedy-driven variety show with political undercurrents was not unfamiliar to theAmerican audience. "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" and "The Carol Burnett Show" in addition toother programs established a legacy of American political entertainment long before "SNL" co-creatorLorne Michaels even pitched the show to NBC executives. However, "SNL" has had an indelibleinfluence on the way that audiences — young viewers in particular — access and internalize politicalphenomena.A recent episode hosted by Oscar-nominated actress Saoirse Ronan featured a digital short called"Welcome to Hell." Styled as a pop music video, Ronan and female "SNL" cast members sing about thenadirs of gender inequality as exemplified by the #MeToo movement. But in addition to socialcommentary, "SNL" is known for using the comedic talents of its cast members to comment onAmerican presidential candidates. Some of the more notable impressions are Will Ferrell's impersonationof former president George W. Bush, Tina Fey's impression of former Alaskan Gov. Sarah Palin, AmyPoehler's/Kate McKinnon's impressions of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Alec Baldwin'simpression of President Donald J. Trump. Comedic impressions of important political figures on a latenight variety show like "SNL" may seem inconsequential, but they are actually incredibly impactful;researchers and political scientists have dedicated much of the last two decades studying what hasbeen monikered the "SNL Effect."The "SNL Effect" refers to the potential influence that SNL's commentary and portrayal of key politicalfigures has on voting behavior during American presidential elections. There isn't enough congruentevidence to completely credit "SNL" for elections results these past four decades. But it is clear that theportrayal of political candidates on "SNL" influences the perception audience members have of them inreal life. Al Gore's national approval rating plummeted after "SNL" cast member Darrell Hammondportrayed him as a standoffish know-it-all in a presidential debate skit. According to a 2008 WashingtonPost article about the "SNL Effect," Gore watched Hammond's impression in order to better presenthimself to the American public.While it is impressive that "SNL" and other succeeding sketch comedy programs like "The Daily Show"and "Key & Peele" have impacted the way people formulate their political opinions and behavior, they canalso obscure what it means to be an active participant within the state. According to a ScienceDailystudy, people watch political satire shows "which match pre-existing attitudes." The result is that thoseshows tend to reinforce rather than develop political opinions. Additionally, while SNL does implicitlyencourage action through its comedic critiques, people can still conflate receiving that encouragementwith acting on it. "SNL" and other political satire shows have no control over whether viewers use it astheir single news source or are politically inactive. But if viewers in consortium come to equate laughingat a clever "SNL" cold open with being politically active, it is unlikely that the work will ever get done.When we rely solely on humor to relieve the disquietude that accompanies polarizing political issues orreaffirm our ideas about the state of the union, we risk forgetting how necessary it is to be politicallyinvolved as well as politically engaged. The effort people place into evaluating their beliefs and thesubsequent actions they take have actual consequences on lived experiences — Fey's rhetoric during aWeekend Update appearance in Summer 2017 exemplifies this relationship.After condemning the overwhelming resurgence of militant, white supremacist forces in the UnitedStates, Fey encourages the audience to hide in their homes and eat cake. Fey's advice, although "just ajoke," was met with substantial backlash, and rightfully so. Not all people have the opportunity to bingeeat away the struggles of racism. Race is not a negligible aspect of everyone's life, and inaction is not auniversal option. By asserting that it is, Fey wasted a crucial opportunity to encourage her audience tothink critically about the way they use their relative social power. If oppressive social forces like racismare to be combatted, it is the responsibility of people who can hide from the issue to actively choose notto. Similarly, people who view political satire shows like SNL must develop their convictions and getinvolved in the world around them, if they have not already done so. If we treat political grappling like apastime for Saturday nights, shows like SNL will only ever be entertainment. Some people cannot affordto keep laughing.Adesola Thomas is a College sophomore from Hampton, Ga.