On March 29 at 12:18 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding possessionof marijuana. The Residence Life Coordinator (RLC) of Evans Hall reported that he saw two studentssmoking through an open window. He knocked on their door and, after speaking with them, heconfiscated a marijuana grinder and a glass marijuana pipe. He also had the students dump out beer andliquor that he found in their room. When the EPD officer arrived, he asked the students if they had anymore marijuana in their possession. One of the students said yes and gave the officer a small bagcontaining marijuana that he said belonged to him. The officer issued the student who was in possessionof the bag an Atlanta arrest citation for possession of marijuana. The RLC said he would handle thealcohol violation through the conduct process. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On March 29 at 12:46 p.m., EPD responded to a call in Dobbs Hall regarding a theft. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that on March 29 between 10 a.m. and 12:50 p.m., another student enteredhis room and stole two Xbox One controllers, two rechargeable batteries for the controllers and awooden mallet. Both students are members of the same fraternity. The complainant said he left his doorunlocked before going to class. The complainant said that he checked Snapchat while he was in classand saw a series of Snapchat posts in which the other student stated the complainant stole two of hisXbox controllers. The other student then entered the complainant's room, discovered the controllers heclaimed were his and took them. The student admitted to taking the controllers, but he didn't mention thebatteries or the mallet. The complainant said the other student was lying about owning the controllers.The complainant said one of the controllers came with the console and sent the officer his Ebaypurchase history to prove his ownership. The complainant said the other student has had a number ofbehavioral and conduct issues within the fraternity, and some of the comments made in the Snapchatand text conversations were concerning. The complainant said he blocked the other student's phonenumber, told him to never contact him again and plans to file for a restraining order against him. The totalvalue of the items stolen is $230. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 31 at 12:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding property damageat the Kappa Sigma house, located at 20 Eagle Row. The complainant reported that on March 31 at 1:30a.m., he noticed that the back glass door of the house was damaged. He said there were several peopleat the house the night before who stayed until the early hours of March 31, but he does not know whocaused the damage. There were broken pieces of cement on the ground beneath the scratched door.The complainant said he believed someone used the pieces of cement to cause the damage. The officercalled Facilities Management to inspect the damages. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 31 at 1:59 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding property damageto a motor vehicle. The complainant reported that on March 30, he parked his red 2014 Kia Forteovernight in the parking lot at 20 Eagle Row, the Kappa Sigma house. On March 31 at 11:30 a.m., henoticed that there were several scratches on the left side of his vehicle, and it appeared that someonehad scrubbed the paint off of his vehicle in some areas. The complainant said he does not know whocaused the damage to his vehicle, but thinks the incident may be related to damage to the back door ofthe house. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 1 at 3:06 a.m., EPD responded to a call from a resident adviser (RA) regarding a fight betweentwo Emory students in Evans Hall. Emory Police Dispatch advised officers that the fight had startedbetween two males, one of whom appeared to be drunk. When the officer arrived, he heard yelling on thesecond floor hallway and observed the two students facing each other in a verbal altercation. There wasa subject between the two students keeping them physically apart. The officer spoke with the firststudent, who said the second student had been speaking badly of another student. The first studentconfronted the second student, but the conversation escalated to a verbal altercation in which bothstudents were using vulgar language, according to the first student. The first student stated theconversation never escalated into a physical altercation. The officer observed that the first studentappeared to be slightly intoxicated. The second student reported that the first student came to his roomand began yelling at him for being abusive and committing domestic violence. The second student saidthat the first student pushed him while his back was turned during the verbal altercation, and he pushedhim back in self-defense. Two male students, who were guests in the second student's room, restrainedthe first student and the two students continued to engage in a verbal dispute. The case has beenassigned to an investigator. Campus Life was notified about the incident. At 3:40 a.m., while EPD wasresponding to a fight that broke out in Evans Hall, officers also filed a separate report for simple assault.The RA who was on the scene stated that while calling EPD, the second student called the first student adegenerate. The RA said he feared for his safety and had not decided if he would pursue criminalprosecution. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On April 1 at 7:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding harassing communications. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that he had been having ongoing issues with another Emory student. OnApril 1 at 6 p.m., the complainant said that he spoke with an Emory alumnus who had a phoneconversation with the second student. The second student spoke with the alumnus on the phone and toldhim that he and the complainant would need to make amends or the complainant's brains would end upon the floor. The complainant also heard mention of a possible firearm during his conversation with theformer student. The complainant said he had become fearful for his safety due to this incident and priorcommunications with the student. The case has been assigned to an investigator. Campus Life wasnotified about the incident.