The following reports are based on real cases adjudicated by the Emory College Honor Council. Anypersonally identifiable information has been omitted to protect the privacy of all parties involved unlessinvolved parties have granted the Wheel permission to identify them.* The Honor Council found a freshman student in a lower-level science course responsible for providingfalse information to gain an academic advantage on an exam. The student's professor makesphotocopies of completed exams for recordkeeping purposes and also allows students to submit examsto be re-graded if they believe the exam was graded incorrectly. The student submitted their exam for are-grade, and upon comparing it with the photocopy, the professor realized that some answers had beenchanged. The Honor Council recommended an F in the course and a two-year mark on the student'spersonal performance record.* The Honor Council found a student in an upper-level humanities course responsible for plagiarism on amidterm paper. The professor reported that the student's paper drew heavily from online sources withsome variation, but the ideas remained the same. The student said that they were experiencing anextreme personal circumstance that impacted their ability to complete the work on time and provideddocumentation to support their circumstance. The student said that instead of asking for an extension,they rushed the assignment and failed to properly cite sources. The Honor Council recommended a zeroon the assignment, a one-letter grade deduction in the course and a two-year mark on the student'spersonal performance record.* The Honor Council found a sophomore in a lower-level social science course responsible for plagiarismon a paper and providing false information to gain an academic advantage. The professor noticed achange in the author's voice in later portions of the paper, noticeably fewer grammatical errors andportions of the paper that went far beyond the level of writing that would be expected from anundergraduate student. The professor also added that the student signed in for class as present, then leftthe room and did not return. The student denied that they plagiarized the paper and insisted that theymust have remembered phrasing from an outside source they studied when preparing for the paper.They also said they felt sick the day they signed into class. The Honor Council recommended an F in thecourse, a two-year mark on the student's personal performance record and a mandatory educationalprogram.