Director Panos Cosmatos demonstrated his bravery with his latest film, "Mandy," perhaps the mostpsychedelic, phantasmagoric two hours you will ever spend in a theater. It is relentless, off-putting andabsurd. Despite the bizarre nature of his vision, Cosmatos was not deterred from making "Mandy." Theresult is a bold, brash film that strings the audience along on a ride to an unknown destination. And whileit doesn't work as a coherent movie, it is certainly a sight to behold. Set in 1983, "Mandy" introduces theaudience to a couple who is deeply in love, lumberjack Red Miller (Nicolas Cage) and artist MandyBloom (Andrea Riseborough). They live a tranquil and secluded life in the woods until the leader of a cultof — in Red's words — "Jesus freaks" decides he cannot be without Mandy, and enlists some hell-sentdemons to abduct her and bring her to him. Despite being drugged, Mandy refuses to be seduced by thecult leader, Jeremiah Sand (Linus Roache), and laughs at his attempt to woo her. In retribution, Jeremiahand his followers burn her alive and force her husband to watch. Red is understandably devastated, andseeks vengeance against those who snatched his love away from him. What follows is a straightforwardrevenge plot that doesn't pull any punches and draws a lot of blood. Despite a fairly uncomplicatedstoryline, "Mandy" is rather confusing to watch. It is frequently interspersed with sequences in which it isunclear whether what is on screen is a dream or reality, and it heavily utilizes strange and abrupt cutsthat are jarring and disorienting. Additionally, major plot points, such as how Red just happens to be askilled fighter and welder, are left unexplained. The narrative also relies on the audience's investment inRed's vengeance, but since his relationship with Mandy is only relegated to a few minutes of exposition,it is difficult to care very much about whether or not he succeeds. Where the film truly shines is in itstechnical aspects, namely its visuals and sound design. Each frame is overflowing with swirling colorsand pulsating lights. In every one of the film's many brutal action sequences, the camera does not shyaway from the violence, instead zooming closer so that every last gory detail can be seen inclaustrophobically close proximity. Each on-screen movement is slightly delayed, creating blurry afterimages that add to the film's eerie mood. Johann Johannsson's pounding, electronic score is perhapsthe film's most effective method of building tension and establishing an atmosphere of dread, and theediting done to the vocals of each character (particularly the lowering of Cage's voice to sound more andmore demonic as the film goes on) is a stand-out. "Mandy" is a sensory spectacle, to say the least. Fora film with such originality, its narrative is sorely lacking. The writing, for example, is quite cliched. In thebeginning of the film, when Red comes home, Mandy exclaims "You scared me!" — a banal line thatforeshadows the true terror that awaits her. Every line that leaves Jeremiah's mouth is intended to soundprophetic, but has definitely been heard before, from his delusions of grandeur and divinity to his claimsof the cleansing power of fire as he sets Mandy ablaze. The performances are similarly corny and overthe-top, which can make certain serious scenes seem rather funny; one scene with Cage after Mandy'sdeath had the entire audience in stitches. When viewed as a whole, "Mandy" is all about style oversubstance. Its fairly basic narrative, muddled storytelling and plot holes make it difficult to appreciate thefilm as a coherent work, but its stunning cinematography and captivating sound design are undeniable.And while at this point the revenge tale is rather overdone, it does make for a bloody and, at times, funviewing experience. If you're looking for a film with a lot to say, don't see "Mandy." But if you're lookingfor a bizarre, gory extravaganza, look no further.Grade: C+The post 'Mandy' is Nothing More Than Eye Candy appeared first on The Emory Wheel.