The Georgia legislature passed a bill on March 29 banning abortions upon the detection of a fetalheartbeat, which typically occurs after six weeks of pregnancy. The bill is expected to be signed into lawby Gov. Brian Kemp.The Wheel conducted in-person and email interviews with Assistant Professor of Behavioral Sciencesand Health Education Kelli Stidham Hall; Assistant Professors of Gynecology and Obstetrics and FamilyPlanning Megan Lawley and Tiffany Hailstorks; and Adjunct Professor of Political Science JeffreyMorrison, who all discussed the background and impact of the bill. Lawley and Hailstorks wereinterviewed together, while Hall and Morrison were both interviewed separately.The Wheel's "Round Table" series intends to share the thoughts of a diverse group of Emory faculty andstaff regarding modern issues with the student body.Interview transcripts have been edited for clarity and length.The Emory Wheel: To what extent do you believe legislators should regulate medical procedures likeabortion?KH: Legislative interference is a problem from a public health and medical perspective. There have beenmany studies looking at the harm that legislative interference can do, not even in an abortion context, butin public health-related fields in general. Research suggests that access to medical procedures is bestleft up to the patient and the provider rather than policymakers sitting at a whole different level. Legislativeinterference results in worse outcomes and less access to care.TEW: Other states have proposed similar fetal heartbeat bills. Do you think this type of legislation couldbe implemented nationwide?KH: I think that's a concern, to be honest with you. Most of the legislative threats to abortion access overthe past decade or so have been deemed unconstitutional in direct conflict with Roe v. Wade. Now wehave a much different legal landscape which is much more conservative than it has been in the past fewyears.TEW: How would you evaluate the constitutionality of this bill?Jeffrey Morrison: There are at least two major constitutional issues raised by Georgia's fetal heartbeatbill.One, the Georgia Senate bill imposes an undue burden on a woman's right to an abortion prior to theviability of the fetus. The Senate bill effectively prohibits abortion after a doctor detects a humanheartbeat, which could be as early as six weeks into a pregnancy. This provision violates the Court'sholding in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, because such a provision imposes an undue burden on awoman's right to have an abortion. An undue burden is defined as a substantial obstacle in the path of awoman seeking an abortion before the fetus attains viability. Because a fetal heartbeat can be detectedwell before viability, banning abortions for any period before viability would be deemed as imposing anundue burden on a woman's right to choose.Two, the Senate bill does not include an exception to permit abortion to protect the mental health of awoman seeking an abortion. The U.S. Supreme Court's opinion in Casey recognized that a state had thepower to restrict abortions after viability so long as the law contains exceptions for pregnanciesendangering the life or health of the mother. In Doe v. Bolton, the Supreme Court held that when aphysician exercises his or her medical judgment as to when an abortion may be medically necessary toprotect the health of the mother, the physician should consider all factors — physical, emotional,psychological, familial and the woman's age — relevant to the well-being of the patient.TEW: What are the potential implications of this bill on Georgia's healthcare system?Megan Lawley: I think the implications of this bill are catastrophic. We can't overstate the importance ofaccess to abortion in productive healthcare. I think what's so hard to understand from our perspective isthat Georgia has the worst maternal mortality rate in the country. This is not the time when we should belimiting access to healthcare.Tiffany Hailstorks: Agreed, I would only add that this bill virtually bans abortion in our state. Most womendon't even realize they're pregnant within the gestational age limit. We know that in states where thereare more abortion restrictions, there are poorer health outcomes.TEW: Will this kind of legislation affect any Georgia communities in particular?TH: Definitely, I think that it's going to impact women of color the most. They already have issues withaccess to care and I think that this will hit them harder. I think that if you have access and you havemeans, you will leave Georgia to get this done. If you don't, you'll be stuck.ML: Women who are denied an abortion are at four times greater risk of being below the federal povertylevel. I think that living in Atlanta, we don't realize the scope of the healthcare shortage in this state. Halfthe counties in Georgia don't even have an obstetrician-gynecologist. Nine counties in Georgia don'teven have a physician. These women have to travel 45 minutes to an hour just to see a physician.The post Round Table: Professors Discuss Georgia's 'Heartbeat Bill' appeared first on The EmoryWheel.