On Jan. 31 at 3:15 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) met with a School of Medicine visitingprofessor regarding harassing phone calls. The professor said two individuals claiming to be from theDrug Enforcement Agency called him and said his name was connected to the license plate of a vehiclein Texas that was discovered with a dead body and drugs inside. The callers asked for his SocialSecurity number and bank information, warning that he would be prosecuted if he did not comply. Thecomplainant provided the callers with his home address and Social Security number but did not give hisbank account or credit card information. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 1 at 6:07 p.m., EPD responded to the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC) inreference to a theft. The complainant, an Emory student, said he secured his 2012 Trek Superfly AL 100bike to the bike rack outside the building at about 8:30 p.m. on Jan. 22. When he returned on Feb. 1, hediscovered his bike missing and lock cable broken. The total value of the bike lock and bike is $1,030.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 1 at 11:01 p.m., EPD responded to Longstreet-Means Hall in reference to a theft. The twocomplainants, both Emory students, reported that a Patrick Leonard poster had been stolen from theexterior of their room door. The two reported last seeing the poster at noon earlier that day and that theydiscovered it missing when they returned at 7:30 p.m. The complainants said their resident adviser (RA)gave them permission to hang it on the exterior of their door. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 2 at 4:41 p.m., EPD responded to the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to harassingcommunications. The complainant, an Emory student, said she received an email from her own Emoryaccount on Feb. 1. The email said the sender had full control of the complainant's computer andpossessed explicit footage of her. The sender said threatened to distribute the footage to thecomplainant's contacts if she did not send $752 to a Bitcoin wallet address. The email also threatened toimmediately distribute the footage if the complainant shared the email with anyone. The complainant didnot respond to the email and changed her University password. EPD advised she also change thepasswords of her social media accounts and inform Library and Information Technology Services (LITS)that her account was compromised. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 4 at 6 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student, saidshe left her black Champion jacket in a cubby in the downstairs workout area of the SAAC on Jan. 23sometime between 5 and 5:30 p.m. The complainant also said she left three gold rings on a table in theSAAC the day after sometime between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. When she returned to retrieve them, the jacketand rings were missing. The complainant checked with employees several times to see if anyone turnedin her property. The jacket is valued at $65 and the rings are valued at $3,000. The case has beenassigned to an investigator.On Feb. 6 at 9:51 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student,said he attended a fraternity event outside of the Goizueta Business School that day at 7 p.m. when oneof the event staff members instructed him to put his backpack on a bench. When he returned to thebench at 7:25 p.m., he discovered his backpack, which contained an Apple MacBook Pro and Beats byDre headphones, missing. The total value of the missing items is $2,250. The case has been assigned toan investigator.The post Crime Report 2.13.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.