[caption id="attachment_30197" align="alignnone" width="1024"] Courtesy of Sony PicturesClassics[/caption]Some of the simplest joys in life come from a person's willingness to act a little silly; sharing fun andlaughter with others can make even the worst of days better. "Stan and Ollie" is a charming story thatcelebrates this whimsical attitude by following the lives of two middle-age comedians who stay true totheir jovial nature, even into older age."Stan and Ollie" follows the titular duo of Stan Laurel (Steve Coogan) and Oliver Hardy (John C. Reilly),famous mid 20th-century Hollywood comedians, as they tour the United Kingdom and Ireland in 1953.As the two age, their time in the spotlight seems to be waning. When they arrive overseas, the duo isgreeted with small hotels, small theaters and small audiences, with many empty seats in the house. Stanand Ollie continue to perform and hope to impress a Twentieth Century Fox studio executive in Londonand secure funding for their new Robin Hood movie. However, meager box office returns, threat of tourcancellation and executives ignoring the two, the future of their movie seems grim. With some oldresentments over past disagreements and Ollie's ill health compounding their troubles, the duo is set upfor a difficult journey.But the two are better prepared to take that trip in stride than almost anyone, with their playful demeanorsbrought lovingly to life by the fabulous on-screen chemistry between Coogan and Reilly. There is rarely amoment where Stan and Ollie are not creating or playing out some funny bit that allows the two actors toexude charm. From ringing a hotel bell to resolving their disputes, Stan and Ollie shine as truecomedians, down to their last funnybone.However, both characters are not invincible in the face of strife, especially when the time comes for theduo to face their box office issues and their personal disputes. Coogan and Reilly find the perfect balancebetween their anxieties and the warmth at the heart of their friendship. Their grounded performance iswell-backed by supporting cast members: their wives Ida Kitaeva Laurel (Nina Arianda) and LucilleHardy (Shirley Henderson), who have humorous back-and-forths of their own, and the energetic BernardDelfont (Rufus Jones). Together, the cast all bounce off one another like a classical Hollywood sketch;simultaneously, they give a strong portrayal of the effort, struggle and wonder in these comics' lives.The performances invite the audience to connect and empathize with Stan and Ollie. Most otherelements in the film effectively support this relationship, but few aspects stand out independently.Cinematography in the film, while occasionally eye-catching, is best at allowing the viewer to feel close toStan and Ollie, offering little distinguishing style. The soundtrack immerses the audience in the wonder ofthe old-school Hollywood narrative, but rarely draws attention on its own merit, mostly existing asbackground, tone-setting music. The film as a whole works mostly in service of its excellentperformances and brings the audience back in time to the earlier days of the movie business. When allelements are brought together, they create an experience that is altogether cohesive and calls attentionto the film's most important characteristics.The numerous thematic elements that "Stan and Ollie" manages to incorporate effectively aremarvelous: celebrating the lives of two beloved comedians, fear of disability in old age, the nature offriendship in Hollywood and more. Yet what makes the film so moving and Reilly's and Coogan'scharacters so endearing is its ode to laughter. Stan and Ollie share a comedic brotherhood that is testedagain and again, yet they stick with each other. Their dedication to their work, and their endlessplayfulness, make the two lifelong friends. When the duo performs on stage, the audience's laughter onscreen hardly felt different between the few people in the empty theaters to the large crowds in the fullhouses. Stan and Ollie's everyday silliness feels no less valuable than their movie plan, because itbrings smiles to the faces of both the people around them and viewers in the onscreen audience.Watching Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy take one final bow is sure to warm audiences' hearts andbrighten their days.Grade: AThe post 'Stan and Ollie' Celebrates Comedy Legends appeared first on The Emory Wheel.