As syllabus week winds down and the semester kicks into full swing, you may find that yourassignments are beginning to pile up, and that you need a full day's worth of unhampered productivity tofeel like you're not drowning. As you hunker down with your textbooks, laptop and caffeine drip, you mayconsider taking your studying off-campus for some much-needed change of scenery.Every good study session has a few common qualities — good lighting, access to light refreshmentsand some ambient noise that you can drown out with your study music. While everyone's ideal studyspot slightly differs, below are a few off-campus destinations that will hopefully both facilitate high qualitywork and exploration of the city of Atlanta.Hodgepodge CoffeehouseLocated in East Atlanta, Hodgepodge Coffeehouse can be a pricey Uber from campus, but you can finda friend to split an UberPool and bring a full day's work to maximize your time.Hodgepodge Coffeehouse balances being both spacious and cozy. A cavernous warehouse adornedwith string lights, the coffeehouse has one room with expansive tables — ideal for sprawling out withdiagrams or flash cards — and another room with couches and cushions for curling up with cozyreadings. Unlike other coffee shops in the city, Hodgepodge Coffeehouse has enough space for you anda friend to sit without your elbows dipping into someone else's latte. Additionally, the menu features astandard coffee and espresso menu along with some other unique drinks, such as the "Slap Yo Pappy,"consisting of half cold brew concentrate and half Ghirardelli chocolate — the perfect treat to break up themonotony of dry textbook scanning.Georgia Tech LibraryMaybe the first floor of Woodruff Library is full of chatty and potentially distracting students, and you'restill scarred from the last all-nighter you pulled in the stacks. However, you might still desire to surroundyourself with hardworking students to feel productive. Jump on the free Georgia Institute of Technology(Georgia Tech) shuttle, leaving from Woodruff Circle, and head to their library. Located centrally inMidtown, its wall-length windows allow you to take in the scenic Atlanta skyline, which can only be seenfrom the tenth floor of the Woodruff Library.Be mindful that the library's visitor hours (8 a.m. to 9 p.m. on weekdays and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. onweekends) are slightly more limited than they are for Georgia Tech students. However, if the late nightcram is what you crave, expand your intercollegiate network and make a friend who might be able tosneak you in.Piedmont ParkCaffeine isn't all that can power you through a challenging organic chemistry problem set. Considerheading out to Atlanta's landmark Piedmont Park for some good old grass and vitamin D. Before theautumn chill sets in, grab a picnic blanket and some snacks, and head to the home of Music Midtownand Atlanta Pride for some sunshine. Bring work you can do without a laptop to avoid pesky glare fromthe sunlight, or, better yet, bring your business communications group and plan your presentationtogether. After all, outdoor retreats are proven to promote collaboration within teams.Taproom Coffee & BeerLocated in Edgewood, Taproom is one of several establishments that offers both beer and nitro coffee ontap — the former perfect for drafting some creative honors thesis writing, and the latter for meticulousediting of numerous essay pages. The industrial atmosphere of the Taproom is conducive to aggressivelaptop typing, and the walls display works by local artists — apt for staring at and pondering during theinevitable moments of procrastination. The menu also features interesting items, such as the NitroHopsintea, a nonalcoholic hibiscus tea "cocktail" infused with hops.The downsides to Taproom include sparse seating, which can lead to cramped quarters, and louderthan-ideal conversations. The lights also dim come evening, making it slightly difficult to work on paper.Get there early with a pair of noise canceling headphones to beat the crowd, and save some of yourmore quiet assignments, such as readings, for the morning.ConclusionEmory's campus, while idyllic and certainly academic, can feel monotonous after a week of classes. Thebest way to atone for an unproductive Friday night is to promise yourself to get through someassignments over the rest of the weekend, but staying on campus can make it easy to escape back toyour residence hall for naps and Netflix binges. Hopefully this list provides some interesting settings forgrinding season, as well as opportunities to simultaneously explore Atlanta.The post Beat Procrastination, Take Your Studying Off-Campus appeared first on The Emory Wheel.