"Frances Ha"As college students, we may expect to emerge into the world after our four years as fully formed humanbeings with career paths, relationships and interests all securely in place. Noah Baumbach's 2012 film,"Frances Ha," contends that this idea is more fantasy than fact and, more importantly, suggests thatuncertainty is not as scary as it seems. The film follows Frances (Greta Gerwig), a 27-year-old dancer,as she stumbles in and out of jobs, apartments and relationships. "Frances Ha" is a meanderingcelebration of a young woman who doesn't quite have it all figured out yet. The movie's nostalgic blackand-white visuals and charming lead performances cast a warmth over the entire film that soothes thecommon fear of the unknown. "Frances Ha" provides a gentle reminder that all of us could use: It's okayto be a little lost. — Saru Garg"The College Dropout" – Kanye WestArmed with a sharp sense of humor and a whole lot to say, Kanye West's debut album is a masterclasscoming-of-age tale. He recounts his humble beginnings and his efforts to make it as a rapper after a caraccident left his jaw wired shut — an affliction that persisted through the recording of his debut single,"Through the Wire." Those only familiar with West's current media persona may find themselvessurprised at how poignant and relatable his lyrics are, as "The College Dropout" is a thoughtful meditationon growing up, gaining freedom and choosing what you want to do in life. It's a message that resonatespowerfully in a society that expects you to have your life figured out by the age of 18 and portrays acollege degree as the only route to success. Tracks like "We Don't Care" and "All Falls Down" cleverlycomment on social issues such as poverty and race relations. West's skits even highlight some of theabsurdities of higher education. For any college student uncertain about their future, this album is acathartic reminder of our free will. — Aidan Vick"Little Fires Everywhere" – Celeste NgIt's not uncommon for Emory's freshmen to feel distinctly out of place. Celeste Ng's novel "Little FiresEverywhere" should appeal to Emory students who can relate to the isolation of being in a new place forthe first time as well as the challenges faced by minority groups in diverse communities. For protagonistPearl Warren, her cookie-cutter suburban community in Ohio is an alien landscape compared to the freespirited life that she lived before moving. Ng's manipulation of perspective allows for the audience to trulyunderstand the characters in a thought-provoking way I have never experienced with any other novel.Reading about the Warren and Richardson families vividly brings back the tumultuous feelings ofnavigating Emory's social sphere for the very first time. The conflict that arises in the community afterthe Warren family's appearance speaks to the pressure some students face to assimilate intomainstream culture. "Little Fires Everywhere" changed how I make and maintain relationships, especiallyat Emory. It put me at ease with friendships that naturally ebb and flow throughout my years in college.— Joel Lerner"Nineteen Minutes" – Jodi PicoultIn a nation plagued by gun violence and heated gun control debates, young people may struggle withdetermining their stance on the issue. Jodi Picoult's best-selling novel "Nineteen Minutes" offers insightinto the lives of those affected by gun violence. Picoult tells the story of a shooting at the fictional SterlingHigh School, as well as the events that unfold before and after the shooting, from a variety ofperspectives: a judge, a student caught in the shooting, the parents of the shooter and the shooterhimself. Through these many perspectives, we begin to understand that such an act of violence canhave a ripple effect, destroying an entire town forever. Painfully honest and evocative, "NineteenMinutes" reminds us that there are often no right answers to our questions and that people are more thanwhat we see on the surface. — Becca Moszka"Dear White People"Based on the 2014 feature film directed by Justin Simien, "Dear White People" meets almost all of thequalifications for the perfect bingeable drama. Now in its third season, the satire details the complexitiesof black student life within a predominantly white institution (PWI), following various characters whoattend the fictitious Ivy League, Winchester University. Sometimes challenging and sometimes laughout-loud hilarious, the show addresses topics relevant to Emory life and to the current American culturalclimate. Still, more principally, its ambitious experimentation with both style and substance helps tocreate a mood most fitting and comfortably relatable within a moment defined by societal fatigue,confusion and rage. Though imperfect, the fast-paced, 30-minute episodes of "Dear White People" aregreat for quick, fun, bite-sized consumption during study breaks, and the sharp commentary will give youjust enough to consider as you go about the rest of your Emory career. — Kamryn OldsThe post Art to Consume Before College Ends appeared first on The Emory Wheel.