The holiday season would be incomplete without re-filing for financial aid and paying Spring semestertuition. It's a time that wracks me with anxiety about whether college will even pay off. On one hand, Iknow the degree I'll receive next Fall will be imbued with prestige. On the other, I get to watch my bankaccount slowly bleed out while my student debt piles up.So when I pay the bills, I know what I owe Emory: money and gratitude. But the University gets mymoney immediately, leaving me to eyeball average salaries of graduates to gauge if gambling on myselfwill work out. This stress is only compounded by the social isolation of being lower-income on Emory'sprivileged campus, so it should be no wonder that mounting debt and a fear of asking for help almostscared me into transferring. While Emory does an excellent job of recruiting lower-income students to itsundergraduate divisions, quality of life is just as important to the college experience as admission andaffordability.To retain lower-income and minority students and improve their experience, schools like Emory shouldbolster the support networks for them. Lower-income and minority students are disproportionately likelyto exit college without a degree, and even those who do graduate still struggle with the adjustment to newclass environments.Fortunately, it seems the University is aware of this need: last Spring, Emory joined the American TalentInitiative (ATI), a program that seeks to expand educational access for low and mid-income students. Inits 2018 Impact Report, ATI identified boosting retention rates as an important step in this process.Additionally, in Fall 2013, the University launched the 1915 Scholars Program to connect first-generationcollege students with their peers and faculty mentors. More can be done to augment this program,however, as not all first-generation students are automatically enrolled, and not all lower-income andminority students are first-generation.Because I'm only able to attend Emory due to its generous financial aid policies, I'm reticent to ask formore support. But over the past three years, I've realized that even though Emory wants to help peoplelike me, administrators won't know that students are struggling unless they air their grievances. Andwhile I can't hope to speak for all lower-income students at the University, I know I'm not alone in lookingfor assistance.Though I have been fortunate to obtain paid summer internships, many of my peers have not had thatprivilege. Emory's Career Center offers some scholarships for lower-income students to take unpaidinternships in nonprofits, non-governmental organizations or the public sector through the Emory CivicScholars program, but the University could redirect funding toward the program so that they could offermore than 15 each summer. Alternatively, Emory could pilot a program for funding internships unrelatedto civic service.Even if creating more programs or increasing funding for existing ones would prove difficult, providingmore communications about what already exists could still be beneficial. For example, the Universitycould create an email list-serv to distribute more information about opportunities for Pell grant recipients,or it could use the Pre-major Advising Connections at Emory Program (PACE) to distribute usefulinformation about programs for lower-income students.That said, there are steps beyond basic communication that Emory should take to aid low-incomestudents. The University could hire more employees from diverse socioeconomic and racialbackgrounds. Research of minorities' mentorship experiences suggests that similar identities and valueswere correlated with better outcomes. While less has been written about this phenomenon, I know thereassurance that comes from seeing someone in power from a similar socioeconomic backgroundfirsthand. The support I've received from those individuals, especially those from Emory, has influencedmy decision to major in history, to pursue law school and to keep writing for the Wheel. For instance, Ialmost quit the Wheel entirely until a New York Magazine writer whom I had reached out to encouragedme to stick with it despite classist tension. Even though American culture tempts us to create images ofourselves as self-made, I know that I've only accomplished what I have because I've seen people likeme achieve much more while overcoming larger obstacles than my own.This isn't to say that the University should export the workload of supporting students onto this alreadylimited set of individuals. Instead, Emory should correct the problems isolated by its Class and LaborReports completed in 2013 and 2018, which found disparities in tenure and salary along lines of race,class and gender. The 2018 report's executive summary, dated from 2016, urged Emory's deans toreview hiring practices to address these issues in hiring and pay. Aside from improving the University'swork environment, a resolution to these problems would be a boon for lower-income and minority studentmentorship. While the ongoing cluster hire of three faculty members to diversify the HistoryDepartment's course offerings is a step toward this end, it must be accompanied by broader hiringreforms and alleviation of pay disparity.Emory already does a lot to make college accessible for lower-income and minority students, and forthose efforts it should be praised. But loans, social exclusion and poor faculty representationdemonstrate that there's more to be done, and I hope future students are afforded a smoother transitionthroughout college.Isaiah Sirois (19C) is from Nashua, N.H.The post Emory, Increase Support for Lower-Income Students appeared first on The Emory Wheel.