At the beginning of each semester, students find themselves emptying out their wallets for a necessarybut often excessive expense — textbooks. In Emory's estimated cost of attendance for the 2019-20academic year, $1,244 is allocated for books alone, comprising about a third of the estimated out-ofpocket expenses for the year. With this high financial burden in mind, Emory and its professors shouldwork to reduce their reliance on costly textbooks and provide more resources to students struggling topurchase them.College sticker prices have skyrocketed over the past several decades, and book prices have followedat a similar rate. According to a Bureau of Labor and Statistics Report, the average cost of textbooksincreased 88 percent between 2006 and 2016, rapidly outpacing inflation. Online access codes for digitalcomponents of books have compounded the problem, as they add additional costs and are impossible tore-sell.While it's not entirely Emory's fault that students must purchase expensive textbooks due to highpublisher costs, administrators and professors can take steps to reduce this financial burden onstudents. For instance, Rice University (Texas) has launched a program called OpenStax that connectsmore than two million students to free books each year. The initiative saved students at the University ofGeorgia just under $4 million in the 2017-18 school year. Emory administrators should look into adoptingthe platform for the University, and faculty should consider using OpenStax textbooks to mitigate therising costs of higher education.Emory can start alleviating these costs by eliminating its mandatory $45 Health 100 books. Since theentire textbook is fewer than 80 pages long, freshmen are paying more than $1.50 per page forsomething that provides students with little new information that will just be repeated in class throughlectures. The information in the Health 100 textbook could easily be relayed to students online viaCanvas. It is irresponsible for the University to require freshmen to needlessly pay for this book whenalternatives could be made readily available.Professors can also do more to support their students by better communicating textbook costs andproviding alternative sources to more cheaply purchase them. One class that serves as a model forsuccessfully eliminating book costs is QTM 100, which uses an online, open-access book, like thoseavailable through OpenStax. Additionally, if professors only rely on certain sections of a given textbook,they should scan those pages in compliance with copyright laws to prevent further unnecessary costs totheir students.For low-income students, a mere reduction in costs may not be enough to ease the textbook burden.Emory should consider reimbursing the cost of books for all Pell Grant recipients each semester, as thiswould help ensure that those with the greatest financial need are not forced to drop classes or piratematerials just to keep up with their peers.Reducing textbook costs would reinforce Emory's reputation as a university known for its generousfinancial aid. Mitigating the supplemental costs of higher education, such as textbook prices, should beEmory's priority. Students should be worrying about the content of their readings, not whether they canafford the privilege of reading them.The Editorial Board is composed of Zach Ball, Jacob Busch, Andrew Kliewer, Boris Niyonzima, ShreyaPabbaraju and Kimia Tabatabaei.The post Students Deserve More Affordable Textbooks appeared first on The Emory Wheel.