• On Nov. 1, Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol at the sorority lodges. The individual said that while she was at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house, she had been drinking alcoholic beverages and hit her head on the wall. Her friends brought her back to her room and called EPD. Officers arrived on the scene and determined that the individual needed to be transported to Emory University Hospital for injuries and intoxication.• On Nov. 1 at 1:02 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual who sustained injuries to her nose while in her room. When officers arrived on the scene, they determined that the individual needed to be transported to Atlanta Medical Center for intoxication and a possible broken nose.• On Nov. 1 at 1:26 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Few Hall. Officers and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) determined that the individual needed to be transported to Emory University Hospital for further transport.• On Nov. 1 at 1:40 a.m. EPD responded to a call regarding under age an individual under the influence of alcohol at Dobbs Hall. When officers arrived on the location, they found the intoxicated individual in thestairwell. The individual was intoxicated to the point that she needed to be transported to Emory University Hospital for further treatment.• On Nov. 2 at 12:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding individuals smoking near the WoodruffHealth Sciences Building. When officers arrived on the scene, they found five individuals in the stairwell.The odor of tobacco was in the air. Officers told the individuals that they could not smoke there. CampusLife was notified regarding the situation.• On Nov. 2 at 3:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Longstreet-Means Hall. She said she had been at a Beta Theta Pi fraternity party. EMS alsoarrived on the scene and determined that the individual needed further treatment. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr