The 21-ranked women’s soccer team tied against the University of Rochester (N.Y) last Friday, finishingscoreless after two overtime periods. The Eagles now stand at 9-1-6 on the season and 0-1-4 inconference play.It was a rainy, cold Halloween night, as the Eagles competed against a tough Rochester team. Theconditions came out of nowhere, making the ball noticeably difficult to control. Yet, the Eagles did not let the conditions affect their play and were predominantly in control throughout the match.The team found great difficulty getting shots on net early on. The first shot on goal for the Eagles camearound the 21st minute of the match. By the end of the first half, the Eagles had landed only two shots ongoal, displaying their difficultly in playing through the Rochester defense.However, the game seemed to open up in the second half. First, senior forward Karina Rodriguezmanaged a shot on goal within four minutes of its start.Moments later, Rochester countered as Emory junior goaltender Liz Arnold saved a shot from Rochester sophomore midfielder Laura Cowie-Haskell. Rochester maintained an offensive for about sixminutes, earning anther shot on goal and a corner kick.After Arnold made more clutch saves, Emory countered, earning a corner kick in the 57th minute. Seniorforward Emily Feldman was able to get her head on the ball, but the header went wide.The game then returned to being back-and-forth.The Eagles powered-on more shots, but none made their way past Rochester senior goalkeeper AubreyJaicks, who finished the game with an incredible 11 saves.“She was like a magnet. Everything was hit, and she was there,” Head Coach Sue Patberg said. “Therewere times where the ball was in front of the net and I thought we were going to score, but it just didn’t goour way. The good thing is that we played a great game and had more scoring chances than we have had in previous games.”Perhaps the most important save of the match was Arnold’s fourth and final one, which came in with under two minutes remaining in double-overtime. The save secured the tie and gave Arnold her fifthshutout on the season.“I’m happy we got the shutout,” Arnold said. “I thought we had a great overall team showing for a full 90minutes. Unfortunately, we weren’t able to put one away, but we got the shutout, and I’m happy about how we are playing.”The Eagles will return to action this Saturday, when they will travel to face University Athletic Association(UAA) opponent Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.).— By Michael Scheck, Staff Writer