The fourth patient to be treated for the Ebola virus at Emory University Hospital (EUH) was discharged on Oct. 28.The patient, Amber Vinson, was the second nurse from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas to contract the virus while caring for a patient who was infected while in Liberia. She was also one of the first people to contract the disease in the United States. As reported in an Oct. 28 Wheel article, Vinsonarrived at EUH on Oct. 15 for treatment in the same isolation unit as Dr. Kent Brantly, Nancy Writeboland a third unidentified patient.Vinson and Bruce Ribner, medical director of the Serious Communicable Disease Unit at EUH who led the team of health care workers that treated Vinson and the other three Ebola patients at Emory, spokeat a press conference at EUH on Oct. 28 following Vinson’s release.“After a rigorous course of treatment and thorough testing, we have determined that Ms. Vinson has recovered from her infection with Ebola virus, and that she can return to her family, to the community and to her life, without any concerns about transmitting this virus to any other individuals,” Ribnerannounced.Joined onstage by the team of Emory Healthcare workers who helped care for Vinson and the otherEbola patients, Ribner also addressed the public fear surrounding the Ebola virus and Emory’s protocolsin treating the disease in his statement. Vinson followed Ribner’s remarks by thanking the health carestaff at Emory in a brief statement of her own.“As a nurse, and now as some one who has experienced what it’s like to be cared for through a life threatening illness, I am so appreciative and grateful for your exceptional skill, warmth and care,” shesaid.Vinson went on to emphasize the still-ongoing Ebola outbreak in West Africa and the work that needs to be done in containing it.“While this is a day for celebration and gratitude, I ask that we not lose focus on the thousands of families who continue to labor under the burden of this disease in West Africa,” she added.After both Ribner and Vinson delivered their statements, Ribner fielded questions from the media. Vinsonremained onstage, although she did not take any questions.In response to a question about why Vinson and the other Dallas nurse, Nina Pham, were able to recover so quickly, Ribner explained that the nurses’ relatively young ages were likely contributingfactors. He added that the amount of virus that Vinson and P ham were exposed to was significantly less than what people in West Africa who contract the disease experience.“We know that younger patients do much better than patients who are older,” Ribner explained. “Theother hypothesis we have is that [Vinson] was wearing personal protective equipment during care of her patient in Dallas.”Ribner was also asked about what Emory has learned in caring for the four Ebola patients. He repliedthat, previously, the mind set of medical professionals was that if patients with Ebola were ill enough to require dialysis or other life-saving procedures, they were thought to be incurable. Ribner said thisattitude, however, has changed.“We have changed the algorithm for how aggressive we are willing to be in caring for our patients with the Ebola virus disease,” he noted.Ribner also discussed how the health care team determined which experimental agents to use in treating each individual patient with the Ebola virus. He explained that the team evaluates each patient for which experimental agents would be most appropriate. He added that Emory has been in constant collaboration with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)and other organizations in caring for the patients.“We don’t have any magic formula,” Ribner said. “On a case-by-case basis, we look at the agents that are available, we look at the setting — we look at the viral loads and lots of other clinical factors. Then we make an individualized decision.”Following the diagnoses of Pham and Vinson, reports from Texas Presbyterian Hospital Dallas indicated that the nurses contracted the virus because of a lack of fully protective gear.The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that as of Oct. 27, there have been nearly 14,000cases of the Ebola virus globally, with almost 5,000 deaths.— By Harmeet Kaur, Digital Editor