There is no mistaking it: earlier this month, the Democratic Party and its candidates were electorallyannihilated all over the country, up and down the ballot. The nation saw a red tsunami sweep through most of the country, from the Governor’s mansion in deep blue Massachusetts, through red Kansas and its unpopular incumbents, all the way to purple Alaska and its competitive Senate seat.The GOP captured the Senate by gaining an impressive eight seats (possibly nine, pending a run-off inLouisiana) and is one member short of matching their post-World War II record high in the House of Representatives of 246 seats out of 435. On the state level, it didn’t matter if a state was normally red orblue. If a race was seriously contested, the Republican almost always won. That is how the Republican Party won control or continue to hold the Governor’s office in blue states such as Illinois, Wisconsin,Massachusetts and Maryland, as well as state legislatures in states such as Nevada and Pennsylvania.Beginning with next year, the GOP dominance in the U.S. Congress and state houses will have reacheddizzying heights.But politics never rests. It is now time to look forward to 2016. The question everyone is asking is: how can the Republican Party win during presidential turnout levels? Based on the results of the elections earlier this month, it may seem that Republicans have an overwhelming mandate to govern and are certain to clinch 2016. It’s not that simple.One important result of this year’s results that has barely been discussed by the media is the overwhelming victory of progressive ballot initiatives across the country. “Personhood” amendments,which would have defined an unborn child as a “living person” in relevant wrongful death and criminal statutes (and effectively criminalize abortion), failed in two states that elected Republican senators thisyear — North Dakota and Colorado. Four other red states — Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota — passed minimum wage increases. Additionally, Alaska and Oregon passed measuresallowing for the recreational use of marijuana, Washington state voted to expand background checks ongun purchases and California voters chose to water down the state’s tough-on-crime laws. Across thecountry, voters chose to increase taxes to pay for expanding public transit infrastructure, from San Francisco to Arlington, from Detroit to even in Atlanta. These were all issues championed by unions,progressive activists, environmentalists and allied groups of the Democratic Party. On the other hand,Republicans were mute on issues like same-sex marriage and gun control.Voters chose the Republican Party to govern the country out of the dysfunction we’ve experienced for the past few years. I believe that unless the GOP acts on this mandate appropriately, 2014 will be ashort-term victory the same way 2010 was a short-term victory for them before Obama wasspectacularly re-elected into office two years later. The GOP’s prospects two years from now will be very dim unless they can prove that they can govern smartly, reject dogmatism and dramatically hew to the political center.First of all, the math shows that 2016 will be a difficult year for Republicans. This year, only 36.4 percentof eligible voters turned out to vote, the lowest in 70 years. With the excitement of a presidential election at the top of the ticket, turnout in 2016 will be far higher. Younger voters and racial minorities, ademographic that has always leaned Democratic, will turn out in greater numbers. Voting suppressionefforts underway in Republican-led states, such as creating stringent voter ID requirements or closingurban voting precincts, have the practical effect of making the voting process confusing and difficult for enough to dissuade people from going to the polls. The impact of these laws lie squarely on the shoulders of racial minority groups and college students who do not have the proper ID or the means to get one, or the time to waste waiting in line to vote.Whether or not this practice is legal, it is at best a short-term victory for the Republican Party. TheDemocrats will soon get their act together and make sure their base understands the Byzantine process in order to get a ballot in these states. In the meantime, the long-term effect is that voters will never forget which party tried to stop them from voting.Additionally, the GOP faces in 2016 what Republican Chris Ladd calls the “blue wall.” This wall consists of states that have voted for a Democratic candidate in every election since 1992, plus Nevada, New Mexico and New Hampshire. These states collectively control 257 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency, and no Republican can realistically hope to win them in 2016. Democrats have such a lock here that every single Democrat won their respective Senate races in “blue wall” states this Republican wave year. Any Democrat starts out with only 13 electoral votes left to victory.The 2016 math for the U.S. Senate races is even worse for the Republicans, if that’s even possible.Senate races are up every six years, so 2016’s class of senators are the same who survived the Democratic wipe out in 2010. If a Democrat could win that year, then they are virtually invincible in a presidential election year. The only remotely competitive Democratic-held seat is in Colorado. On the other hand, Republican victories in blue states in 2010 are coming around to bite them: GOP-held seats in eight seats are potentially competitive. More could become competitive if Republican incumbentschoose to retire in states like Arizona or Kentucky. On the surface, it looks like the incoming Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has only been given a two-year loan in his new office.In the aftermath of the election this year, NBC and the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) interviewed theelectorate to capture an understanding of what America’s expectations and priorities for the new Congress are. The top five most important issues were student loans, infrastructure spending, raising the minimum wage, funding to fight Ebola and climate change and reducing carbon emissions.What I see in the 2014 Republican wave election is a mandate from the voters for the Republicans to govern maturely and responsibly, for the issues they care about. Instead, I see Republicans interpretingthe election results as a mandate to push through controversial and radical conservative policies that do not sit well with the majority of America. So what are the priorities of the new Republican congress? Firstof all, I am afraid that they will continue wasting congressional resources on sham hearings where they screech and whine about the made-up ‘scandals.’ Additionally, I fear that no executive appointment that President Obama makes will pass the Senate, leaving our government increasingly crippled. We do not have a Surgeon General, for example, to lead America’s efforts in fighting Ebola because the Republicans refuse to allow a vote on Obama’s nominee. Obstruction is the game here.In terms of their productive efforts, I believe that one of the first bills to be passed will be a repeal ofObamacare. This is a point less exercise because Obama will surely veto any blanket repeal.Problematically for the GOP, this proposal is third-to-last place in terms of support among all of the policies that NBC/WSJ interviewed McConnell about.Republicans will no doubt continue to try any method of thwarting Obama’s executive action onimmigration. Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) has already threatened to turn back any Obama appointmentfor Attorney General over this issue, leaving the country without its top attorney and legal advisor.Opposition to this executive action will not be popular among Hispanics, whom the Republicans criticallyneed in order to expand their tent.Republicans have also continued to foolishly deny the science behind climate change. Senator JamesInhofe (R-Okla.) is slated to chair the Senate Environmental and Public Works Committee in the nextCongress. Inhofe is one of the Senate’s most vocal virulent climate change deniers and a champion of the environmental disaster known as fracking.Indeed, congressional Republicans’ plans for the next two years consist of more of the same:obstruction, negativity and continued intransigence. But in order to win the White House and maintain their grip on the U.S. Senate in 2016, Republicans must reshape their agenda to reflect a positive and productive outlook. They must be specific in their policy points and avoid the tempting short-termrewards that come from endlessly pursuing a policy based solely around opposition to the President.This year’s electorate presented the Republican Party with a chance to lead. They must take this mandate and pursue a path forward by making tough decisions, tackling challenging questions and providing real solutions for real problems. Wealth inequality is skyrocketing and the middle class is being economically squeezed. Students are finding that the decision of whether or not to go to college is a question between lifelong debt or unemployment. Beyond our borders, we are facing a crisis of trust among our allies and rising anti-American sentiment among others. And the world must work together to solve the problem of climate change and rising seas if we are to share our beautiful planet with ourgrandchildren.Instead, the Republicans have eschewed compromise in order to pursue Benghazi. Don’t they know that Obama can no longer be their scapegoat? They are in the leadership now, and voters will assess their performance come 2016.The conservative base may like it when the Republicans antagonize Obama. But America would like it if they did what we voted for them to do: get things done.Edmund Xu is a College senior from Los Altos, California.