Last Wednesday, taking 21 shots on goal, Emory University’s women’s soccer team dominatedLaGrange College (Ga.) 9-0.The No. 19-ranked Eagles improved to 8-1-5 on the season, while the LaGrange Panthers fell to 5-12-0.The Eagle’s offense came to life early in the game, scoring the first goal at the 3:15 mark. Senior forwardClaudia Rowe scored her third goal of the season off of an assist from Senior forward Kaitlyn Dorka.Dorka went on to contribute a goal of her own at the 18:16 mark, bringing her to three goals this season as well.Senior forward Karina Rodriguez was able to knock in a pair of consecutive goals in the 23rd and 25thminute marks. Sophomore forward Cristina Ramirez assisted the first, while the second marked Dorka’ssecond assist of the game.The remaining three goals scored by the Eagles in the first half came from players each scoring their first goals of the campaign. Freshman center midfielder Anna Gurney was able to score at the 30:50 marknotching her first goal. Junior center midfielder Chloe Donegan sccored her first goal during the 38thminute off of an assist from Gurney. Freshman forward Blair Ely knocked in the last goal before halftimeat the 40th minute, allowing the Eagles to go into half time with a seven-goal lead.“We finally came together and played cohesively for a great result,” senior captain and center midfielderMeredith Doherty said.Scoring the first goal of the second half and of her season career was freshman forward Emily Frantywith the help of an assist from Donegan in the 64th minute of match time. Franty was able to knock in her second goal five minutes later off of an assist from freshman defender Lindsay Wilson, finishing off the scoring for the Eagles.“We see this as a turning point in our season where we can progress and move forward,” Doherty said.This nine-goal game marks the first seen for the Eagles since their 2012 win over Sewanee: The University of the South (Tenn.). It was also the team’s first win since its Oct. 7 victory over CovenantCollege (Ga.).“We were able to settle down after some tough games the week end before and play our game,” juniorgoalkeeper Kristin Temple said.Although the game marked Temple’s first career start in goal, she did not need to make a single saveduring the contest, as Emory’s defense registered its seventh shut out of the year.“I didn’t have to make any crazy saves, or any saves at all, really, but that’s a good thing because it meant that our defense was doing its job,” Temple said.The Eagles return to action today at Birmingham-Southern College (Ala.) for their last non-conferencegame this year. This game serves as a make-up for two rained out contests from Sept. 12 and Oct. 13.— By Jenny Nutovits, Staff Writer