The Emory women’s soccer team defeated Covenant College (Ga.) with a score of 2-0 in the final game of pre-conference play this season.The goals, scored by senior forward Karina Rodriguez in the 52nd minute and freshman forward KaitlynDorka in the 67th, moved the Eagles to a 7–0–3 record thus far.In a characteristically offensive style of play, the Eagles took 40 shots, 16 of which were direct attempts on goal. The 40 goals attempted on Covenant are the Eagles’ season-high and the third time that the team has crossed the 30-shot threshold in match time. Covenant took one shot.The Eagles also led the game in corners (10), fouls (seven) and off-sides (four).In the 52nd minute of play, junior midfielder Jordan Morell made a cross that gave Rodriguez the header for the first goal. Morell’s assist was her third of the season. The goal was a perfect storm of chances created by both senior defender Sarah Kuehl, who initiated the play that led to Morell’s corner, andsubsequently, Rodriguez, who scored.“[The play is] something we do in practice all the time,” Morell said. “[The goal was an] easy finish. It was pretty clear we were the better team.”The second goal, scored by Dorka, was a direct hit following an out-box cross by sophomore forwardCristina Ramirez and a deflection by freshman center midfielder Melissa Ardizzone. Dorka’s goal was her second of the season and Ramirez received her fourth assist of the season, now a team high.Ardizzone earned her first career assist.Head Coach Sue Patberg has seen a major improvement in the team’s ability to successfully completeplays.“Finishing is something we’re working on … we’ve worked on finishing quite a bit in practice,” she said.Morell is confident in the offensive capabilities of the Eagles going into conference play.“I think we have a lot of potential to be really good up top,” she said. “[The] last touch in the box needs to be better, [but that] should come with practice. [Some of Emory’s 40 shots] were way out and didn’tdeserve to be counted.”Despite the shut out score, Patberg was impressed with Covenant’s play.“Covenant put 11 people behind the ball, if we were one on one with the goal we would be finishing withpressure,” she said.The Eagles will host the University of Chicago in their first game of the University Athletic Association(UAA) conference on Oct. 11.“Chicago is going to be a tough game and we are really looking forward to playing at home before going back on the road,” Patberg said.— By Stephen Jaber, Staff Writer