Hello, and welcome to another edition of The Beej Knows Best. We are on our way to Week 10 and entering the home stretch of 2014. Possibly even more importantly, we are three weeks away from BlackFriday, arguably the most American holiday we have. After gluttonous eating on Thanksgiving, I could not be more excited to spend my money without fear of consequence – come on, that Italian espressomachine with built-in frother and SilenTec© to keep the device quiet is a bargain at $600! Yes, I’m beingfacetious. But, this sort of spending occurs in the NFL as well. Except Black Friday is actually a BlackTuesday. On Tuesday March 11, 2014, NFL Free Agency opened up. And teams spent millions on the likes of Josh McCown (currently riding the bench) Michael O her (gives the phrase “The Blind Side” anew meaning) whereas guys like Steve Smith Sr. and Henry Melton have propelled their teams(Baltimore Ravens and Dallas Cowboys, respectively) to success. It goes to show, sometimes the price is not right. However, if you do find that espresso maker out there, my email is at the bottom. I mean come on, what a steal!This week is the second part of my three-part analysis series. This time, we are breaking down the NFCPlayoff Race.1) Arizona Cardinals (NFC West) 13-3If I had written this prediction at the beginning of the year, you all would have thought that I was crazy. As you all are reading this now, you probably think I am a curse. Regardless, the Cardinals are the real deal.Bruce Arians has built upon the fantastic job he did during Chuck Pagano’s absence in Indianapolis here in Arizona by creating a strong foundation on both sides of the ball. Defensively, they have the be stcornerback in the NFL in Patrick Peterson. Offensively, their air attack with Larry Fitzgerald, MichaelFloyd, John Brown and John Carlson along with the ground game with Andre Ellington has been prolific.Carson Palmer has been a revelation as well. Everything is clicking, and the Cardinals have proven they can stick with the best of the best.2) Philadelphia Eagles (NFC East) 11-5 After losing Nick Foles for what could be anywhere for six to eight weeks, it would be very easy to write off the Eagles as contenders. However, after watching TheSanchize for five seasons (four as a starter, one as a clipboard-holder), I feel confident enough in my analysis of his most recent performance. He looked spectacular. He looked like the quarterback the Jetshad drafted, the one who led us to two AFC Championship Games. He works best out of the play-action;good thing he has one of the best running backs in the league in LeSean McCoy to work with. The glaring red flag with this team moving forward is with their middle-linebacker core. Losing DeMeco Ryans for the entire season could end up being their demise. I know Eagles fans will disagree, but I believe CaseyMatthews, Emmanuel Acho and increased playtime from Marcus Smith will be able to soften the blow.3) Green Bay Packers (AFC North) 11-5Right now, the Packers are a game behind the 6-2 Detroit Lions at 5-3. However, their schedule the rest of the season is much less daunting than that of the Lions. Additionally, having Aaron Rodgers at the helm certainly does not hurt their title chances, especially as the weather nears freezing temperatures.To be fair, the Packers have not looked spectacular the past two weeks, as they have squeaked outvictories by one point against the Saints and the Falcons.4) New Orleans Saints (NFC South) 9-7It has been a rough ride for those in the NFC South. People expected the Panthers to build upon lastseason’s success. People expected the Falcons to bounce back and repeat their 2012 season, not duplicate their 2013 one. People even thought that Lovie Smith would help reinvigorate the Buccaneers.All of these people probably had some doubt about these outcomes, but no one expected the Saints to struggle as they have. However, superstar coaches and superstar quarterbacks have the tendency to turn their situations around, and I firmly believe they are on the right track. After winning three out of their last four games, and with Jimmy Graham getting back into a groove, I expect the Saints to play strongfootball down the stretch and win an underwhelming NFC South. Once they get into the playoffs,anything can happen. Watch out for New Orleans.5) Dallas Cowboys (WILD CARD NFC East) 10-66) Seattle Seahawks (WILD CARD NFC West) 10-6The Dallas Cow boys had a legitimate shot at the NFC East crown, but I believe that the in definitedowngrade of Tony Romo to Brandon Weeden is enough to tip the scales in the favor of the Eagles.While most people could see their recent twogame slide as an omen of things to come, a ‘same oldCowboys’ event so to speak, I believe that this is just a cold stretch during a very long season. DeMarcoMurray and the Offensive Line have been potentially recordsetting this season, and Jason Garrett has finally got his defense to a level of respectability. For the Seahawks, this season has been a case of the Super Bowl hangover. They have not looked hungry, and their lackluster play on the field is night and day compared to last season. However, I have faith in the coaching staff to light the fire. Additionally, havingplayers like Richard Sherman and Russell Wilson, leaders by voice and by action respectively, will help guide the team throughout the rest of their schedule. While I do not believe that they will catch the red-hotCardinals, I can certainly see them out lasting a few of the other teams in the hunt, like the San Francisco49ers and the Detroit Lions.— By Jayson Patel