• On Oct. 16 at 10:48 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual on the roadway near 1669 North Decatur Rd. An off-duty officer noticed the in dividualstaggering on and off the road and met with the subject. Emergency Medical Services (EMS) alsoarrived on the scene. The individual said that it was the Jewish New Year, and he was celebrating. Hedidn’t know where he was. The individual said that during the holiday people cannot use electronic devices or ride in vehicles. Officers told the subject he could either go to jail or the hospital, and he chose the hospital. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital.• On Oct. 17 at 8:31 p.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at Evans Hall. A student cooking at a stove set off the alarm. Officers determined that there was no fire damage, and residents were allowed back in thebuilding.• On Oct. 17, EPD responded to a call regarding a distressed individual who had smoked marijuana. The individual said that when she was visiting her sister she smoked marijuana and lost consciousness. The individual became scared and called 911. When officers arrived on the scene, they decided to transport her to Emory University Hospital. There was no marijuana present when officers arrived.• On Oct. 18 at 12:34 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding individuals throwing objects in the vicinity of Sigma Chi Fraternity at 6 Eagle Row. Officers went to 6 Eagle Row and then met with the president who was unaware of the bottles being thrown. While officers were meeting with the president, theywitnessed another bottle being thrown and determined the bottle did not come from Sigma Chi. Officers could not locate where the bottles were coming from. Campus Life was notified of the incident.• On Oct. 18 at 2:05 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint at Beta Theta Pi Fraternity at 15 EagleRow. Individuals were playing loud music on the balcony of the house. Officers met with the philanthropy chair of the house, and he agreed to turn down the music.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr