• On Oct. 18 at 1:20 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a suspicious call from the EmoryAutism Center regarding tampered food. The complainant said that the pizza tasted like hand sanitizerand nail polish remover. The issue was reported to Papa John’s and a new pizza was delivered. The driver said that there may have been a disgruntled employee who may have tainted the pizza. EPDcontacted the restaurant and the manager said that the pizza may have been made with too much vinegar and that the incident wasn’t intentional.• On Oct. 18 at 11:47 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual in the parking lot of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity on 8 Eagle Row. The individual’s skin was clammy and he was taken outside of the fraternity to be taken care of. When Emergency Medical Services arrived on the scene, theytransported the individual to Emory University Hospital. The Division of Campus Life was notified of theincident.• On Oct. 18 at 11:50 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious noise on the fifth floor of Building D on Clairmont Campus. When officers arrived on the location, they found an individual in a room screaming. The individual said she was screaming because she was frustrated that Notre Dame was defeated in a football game. Officers told the individual to keep the noise down.• On Oct. 19 at 12:36 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Evans Hall. The individual said he had been drinking since 10:30 p.m. He said he drank six shots of liquor and two mixed drinks that he had been drinking at a fraternity. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified of the incident.• On Oct. 19 at 1:22 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint at Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity on 18Eagle Row. Officers notified the president and social chair of the chapter that the music was too loud.The members of the fraternity agreed to turn off the music for the rest of the night.• On Oct. 19 at 1:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Raoul Hall. The individual said he drank six shots of alcohol of an unknown type. The individual was not transported to the hospital. Campus Life was notified of the incident.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr