As the holiday season approaches, one might be inspired to be thankful for what one has and give back to the community. In an effort to step up their philanthropic missions, Beta Theta Pi (Beta) fraternity ishosting their second annual campus- wide Thanksgiving Day Food Drive. Receiving help from a collaborative effort of the Interfraternity Council (IFC) and the Residence Hall Association (RHA), Betaforesees this event to be extremely impactful.Last year, their drive donated over 300 items to charity. This year, the drive, held from Nov. 14 until Nov.23, will donate food items to the Atlanta Community Food Bank (ACFB). The boxes will be placed in each residence hall on campus, and the hall with the most donations will be rewarded.The ACFB was founded in 1979. Every year, it acquires over 50 million pounds of food from the Atlanta community and distributes it to over 600 nonprofit agencies throughout Georgia. Additionally, theseagencies serve 29 counties in the state. The ACFB’s mission, according to the nonprofit organization’swebsite, is to “fight hunger by engaging, educating and empowering our community.”In light of this mission, B-School senior Chris Diglio, the Beta philanthropy chairman, is spearheading the food drive in an effort to engage the school community while simultaneously benefitting the lessfortunate.“Beta’s philanthropy initiative has been growing and improving in the past 18 months, and we seek to encourage our peers to give what they can as well,” Diglio said.Diglio further explained that Beta’s founding values are the principles of mutual assistance and of responsible conduct. Their missions are to give back in any way to the community and to set an example for underclassmen.“Responsibility is vital to success here,” Diglio said.With the help of a philanthropy sub-committee within Beta fraternity, Diglio hopes to continue the trend of creating events that the university can contribute to. He hopes that the Emory community will donatehundreds of food items this season.This is just the first step of many for Beta to become an even more philanthropic fraternity. They are also currently working towards becoming the first fraternity to be fully trained as Sexual Assault PeerAdvocates and in Active Bystander Skills.There seems to be an increased culture of giving within the Emory community. Emory Cares Day,facilitated by College junior Nicole Bleeker, had its greatest turn out ever on Saturday, Nov. 9. Betabrothers hope to see the same kind of care for their initiative.“Students are ready to give; all they need is the medium to do so,” Diglio said.— By Julie Katter, Contributing Writer