After Emory implemented its tobacco free on January 1, 2012, it not only banned cigarettes; it also prohibited e-cigarettes.Three months ago, College freshman Tyler Debbie began using e-cigarettes. He said that he started by trying a disposable e-cigarette purchased from a gas station because one of his friends was doing thesame. Debbie has since continued to use refillable e-cigarettes, which vaporize a liquid that contains both nicotine and vegetable glycol, derived from tomatoes and eggplants.Emory policy bans the use of cigarettes, e-cigarettes and “any other smoking devices that simulate the use of tobacco” and does not tolerate smoking of any kind on campus, including smoking in cars if that car is on campus.According to the Tobacco-Free Emory webpage, e-cigarette use was banned for three reasons: first,because the second-hand impact of e-cigarettes is not yet well studied; second, because e-cigaretteslook similar to conventional cigarettes at a distance; and third, because some e-cigarettes containtobacco and thus are already prohibited under the Tobacco-Free Policy.Disposable e-cigarettes, such as the one that Debbie first used, can be purchased at many gas stations,including those near campus. Users can choose e-cigarettes with different nicotine contents, including anicotine-free option. Debbie said that, in his opinion, many professionals “advocate for e-cigarettes as a bridge between cigarettes and nothing,” as the devices allow for users to ease themselves away from cigarette dependency.In reality, the health effects of e-cigarettes are ambiguous. E-cigarettes have not yet been approved by the FDA, nor has there been substantial research conducted about their effects on human health.“There is at least the potential for harm,” Dr. Norman Edelman, chief medical officer at the American Lung Association said.Ultimately, research is only beginning to delve into the risks or non- risks associated with e-cigarettes.“In spite of what has been report- ed, the studies done to date have been largely inconclusive,” theConsumer Advocates for Smoke-free Alternative Association (CASAA) states on their website.Regardless of whether e-cigarettes are harmful to peoples’ health, the University’s Tobacco Free Policyprohibits e-cigarettes and deems that students and faculty caught repeatedly violating the policy will faceconsequences. Policy 4.113 assures that students who are repeatedly caught violating this policy will be subject to disciplinary action based on existing Emory regulations. These actions, however, are taken based on the specific circumstances and thus can differ between cases.To enforce this policy, the University relies on students, faculty and visitors to self-regulate e-cigaretteuse. Despite this, Debbie said he thinks that this plan has not proved very effective.“The policy is not really enforced,” he said. “None of us have had any problems with it.”In a phone interview with the Wheel, Marlon Gibson, director of student conduct, said that he thinks the policy is well enforced when people come in contact with [violators].”He added that, starting this semester, a student monitor was hired to perform patrols two times weekly,reminding violators that Emory is a tobacco-free and e-cigarette-free campus. The student monitor onlydocuments users if they are caught violating the policy a second time — a rare occurrence.When presented with a student or faculty member who has violated the policy, Gibson said he often refers them to helpful resources and sends them off with a gentle warning.“Ideally it changes the habit,” he said. “I haven’t seen any repeats, and I never approach it like I’m theNYPD.” If he sees a violation on campus — most frequently near the hospital or among internationalstudents — Gibson said he is sure to remind the user of the policy.Although this marks Emory’s third year as a tobacco-free campus, enforcement of the policy continues to be a challenge.“I think it’s really just about making people more aware of the policy,” he said. “It’s an Emory rule, but it’snot against the law.”Awaiting advances in e-cigarette research, the future of e-cigarette permissibility is uncertain.Although e-cigarettes are prohibited, Debbie states that they are an increasingly popular alternative tocigarettes among students. “Most people actually want to use them,” he said.He added that many students would like to begin using e-cigarettes, despite his assumption that,“obviously, they’re not good for your health.”— By Emily Sullivan, Contributing Writer