After losing their previous two games, the Emory women’s basketball team landed on their feet Tuesday night against previously undefeated Sewanee: The University of the South (Tenn.), winning 68-45.The win elevated the Eagles’ record to 4-2.The game was initially hotly contested, as Sewanee held a 10-9 lead before the Eagles scored 14unanswered points, spearheaded by a pair of three pointers from guards junior Khadijah Sayyid andsophomore Shellie Kaniut. Head Coach Christy Thomaskutty was pleased with the Eagles’ competitivedrive after they struggled in their previous home game against Birmingham-Southern College (Ala.).“We gave a great effort. We did not a week ago [against Birmingham-Southern], and paid for it,” she said.“Our bigger issue was that a team embarrassed us on our home court. [At home, our opponents are]going to have to battle to beat us.”The Eagles did not let go of their 23-10 lead, and in the second half, had an advantage as big as 26.Kaniut scored an impressive 19 points, making three of her four three-point attempts, and Sayyidchipped in an additional 15.Sophomore Michelle Bevan added 11 points off the bench, a career best. Thomaskutty said the entire team contributed to the win, but mentioned Sayyid, as well as junior guard Ilene Tsao, for their specific roles in the victory.“What you saw last night was incremental improvement from every player. K.J. [Sayyid] did so many things defensively, and Ilene was the glue throughout her 30 minutes,” she said. “As a team, we showed great improvement.”Tsao also credited the entire team’s effort in securing the victory.“Our transition game and ability to execute our press was a key factor to the game,” she said. “Theystruggled to keep up with our fast tempo and ended up having to rush a lot of their shots.”She identified two teammates whom she felt deserved additional praise.“Shellie Kaniut had a great offensive game and really set the pace as the point guard, while K.J. Sayyidcreated a lot of havoc by pressuring Sewanee’s ball handlers.”In the team’s losses, the Eagles didn’t show great intensity, Thomaskutty said.Against Sewanee, things changed, and Thomaskutty believes the team’s mentality is one of their keys tovictory.“[We have been] starting off really slow,” she said. “That’s what we’ve been practicing: can we stay intense throughout a practice and then a game?”As the season progresses, an improvement on defense will lead to better offensive opportunities, which will be followed by greater success, according to Thomaskutty.“We’ve got to continue to shore up our defense. Anytime we get a stop, it’s amazing how much better of a shot we get,” Thomaskutty said.Tsao affirmed Thomaskutty’s feelings of a strong need for defensive improvement.“There are many areas of improvement for our team at this point in the season, but we are trying to focus on defense and rebounding,” she said. “If we can keep teams to low field goal percentages and playlockdown defense, it will transfer over to the offensive end.”The team will look to put those changes into practice next Monday, Dec. 8, when they host neighborsAgnes Scott College (Ga.) at 6 p.m.— By Oliver Rockman, Contributing Writer