It didn’t come easy, but the women’s basketball team remained undefeated on the young season,fending off a late run from the visiting Berry College (Ga.) Vikings to earn a 75-70 win on Saturdayafternoon. The Eagles improved to 3-0 on the year.Emory’s signature stifling defense was firing on cylinders early, limiting Berry to just three field goals in the first 10 minutes of play. The Eagles took advantage, taking a 24-7 lead on sophomore guard ShellieKaniut’s three-pointer with nine minutes left in the half. The Vikings, who ran hot and cold for most of thegame, slowly chipped away at the lead before finding their stroke at the end of the half and cutting the deficit to a manageable 34-25.Junior guard Khadijah Sayyid set the tone for the second half with a three-pointer on Emory’s firstpossession, sparking an offensive onslaught for the Eagles that pushed their lead comfortably back into double digits.Berry continued to threaten the Eagles’ lead, first at the halfway point of the second half, when the Vikings got hot from behind the arc and managed to trim the deficit to three. Emory responded with a 120 run, punctuated by seven straight points from junior guard Ilene Tsao.A Tsao three-pointer with just under six minutes to go in the game made the score a seemingly comfortable 69-52, but the Vikings caught fire from the field and cut the score to 71-65 with two minutesremaining. Faced with a decisive possession, the Eagles turned to their leading scorer, Sayyid, whodrained a three, giving Emory a secure margin to escape with the win.“It was important for us to continue a relentless mindset,” Tsao said of holding off Berry’s late charge.“We had to stick to our principles and focus on being disciplined on the defensive end.”Sayyid led the Eagles with 21 points, while Tsao added 16. Freshman forward Mikaila Schmitt also landed in double digits with 12. Equally important to the contributions from the Eagles’ stars were the contributions from their bench. Emory’s bench outscored Berry’s 19-5 and provided Emory with valuable depth throughout the game.“In close games like this, and just in general, a deep bench can be the key,” Sayyid said. “We have so many girls that contribute so many different things.”The team did shoot just 35 percent from the free throw line, and Tsao and Sayyid cited foul shooting as one of the areas they plan to emphasize in practice.The Eagles will take the court next against Birmingham-Southern College (Ala.) today at 6 p.m in the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC).— By Ryan Smith, Associate Editor