* On Wednesday, Nov. 19 at 10:09 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an odor of marijuana in Harris Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, a Resident Advisor (RA) turnedover confiscated paraphernalia. Officers located a green leafy substance at the scene. Informationregarding the case has been turned over to Campus Life.* On Friday, Nov. 21 at 6:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious package left at a bus stop outside the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) on Clifton Road. EPD officersassisted the DeKalb Police Department with evacuating nearby buildings. The package contained personal belongings that were later claimed by an individual. Clifton Road was reopened at 7:51 a.m.Emory faculty, staff and students were notified of the suspicious package through an all-Emory emailsent early Friday morning by Associate Vice President of Communications and Executive Director of Media Relations Nancy Seideman.* On Saturday, Nov. 22 at 8:38 a.m., an Emory Emergency Medical Service (EMS) vehicle was flagged down by an individual. The individual said that an 18-wheeler truck struck a telephone pole on LavistaRoad. The pole snapped and in the process, multiple vehicles on the street were damaged. The individual said he tried to stop the truck, but it would not stop. Officers were able to locate the truck and met with the driver. The driver didn’t realize he hit anything. Information regarding the case has been turned over to DeKalb Police Department.* On Sunday, Nov. 23 at 12:30 p.m., EPD responded to a fire call at McTyeire Hall. The Residence HallDirector on the scene called EPD when he noticed large amounts of smoke in the kitchen. Officers determined that the smoke was caused by a person reheating a pizza in a cardboard box. There was no fire when officers arrived on the scene, but the box was burned. DeKalb County Fire & Rescue arrived on the scene and reset the fire alarm.* On Sunday, Nov. 23 at 1:55 a.m., EPD responded to an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Clairmont Building B. The individual had been drinking throughout the night and had vomited.EMS arrived on the scene and determined that the individual had fallen during the night. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital for further treatment. Campus Life was notified.