Jaymes Young and Vance Joy brought disparate sounds and styles to one of Atlanta’s best small musicvenues, Terminal West, last week and together shaped a warm, relaxed evening of music.If you don’t know Jaymes Young by name, you should. This Seattle-born singer-songwriter receivedimmediate label interest and b log acclaim upon the release of his first EP Dark Star last year. Youngtopped Hype Machine’s “Most Popular Tracks” list for months and garnered the attention of critics atEarmilk, Noisey and others. His musical style is eclectic, to say the least. With influences from R&B topop, Young puts an ambient, electronic twist on traditional genres to create a sound that is unique.Many artists are faced with the frustrations of attempting to produce a sound as good as or better than is achieved in the studio in a live atmosphere.Post-production, sound alterations and electronic effects have become commonplace, especially in the indie music scene, and artists are still trying to figure out the best way to approach live shows. Youngused some pre-recorded elements, which the drummer controlled on a laptop. In the end, it was thethree-piece band primarily responsible for the powerful, modern electronic feel that produced this powerful sound and elevated the studio tracks to something bigger and better. In fact, Terminal West’ssmall size and superb acoustics allowed the audience to feel the music, literally, through the vibrations.Young had an awkward confidence about him as he crooned crowd favorites like “Dark Star” and thecloser, “Two More Minutes.” Perhaps his youth and lack of experience worked as assets here, imbuinghim with an air of genuinity. One of the high lights of his set was his newest single “Habits of My Heart,”which samples prominent in die folk artist Sufjan Stevens and recreates the track as a soulful ballad.After a brief break, Vance Joy took the stage and completely shifted the night’s musical focus to a rawer,more acoustic sound.James Keogh has had an incredible ride these past few years. Within hours of up loading his single“Riptide” to SoundCloud earlier this year, the music blogosphere exploded and the song skyrocketed to the top of numerous charts. The track broke the pop radio barrier and became an infectious summeranthem. The Australian singer-songwriter has an indie folk sound with an evident pop influence. Keogh is new to the music scene, but it’s clear that he is aware of what makes music unique and real. Heexplained in a recent interview with The Independent, “It’s cool to create something that stands up on its own two feet … rather than a dull and diluted version of music you like.”Keogh began the night with a simple ballad off his first album called “Emmylou.” The audience was relatively still and, clearly, we were all awaiting his more recognizable hits and crowd favorites. The audience sang along faithfully to songs like “Georgia” and, of course, danced and cheered for the hits“Riptide” and “Mess Is Mine.”The band left the stage for a few songs at one point in the set, allowing Keogh to show case his power fulraw vocals and unadorned, yet illustrative, songwriting. Throughout the night, songs sometimes meldedinto one another, and, unlike Young, the style grew a bit monotonous. But Joy hones the stripped-down,folk-pop sound, which countless other artists (e.g. Ed Sheeran, Ben Howard, Paulo Nutini) have wieldedsuccessfully in recent years.Both acts proved that they are more than in die singer-songwriters who can get a song on the radio. Theperformances complemented each other well and offered the audience something unique and gratifying.Although Vance Joy was the headliner and the one most of the crowd came to see, Young stole the show with his distinctive sound, quiet confidence and elevated live production. This night of electroinfused indie and acoustic folk/pop demonstrates that new artists across genres are out to provethemselves. It’s good to know that new talent is on the rise.— By Jason Charles, Contributing Writer