The men’s soccer team defeated Case Western Reserve University (Ohio) last Sunday, winning by a score of 1-0.Playing their regular season home finale on a cool, beautiful day with plenty of fans cheering them on, theEagles played an excellent game.“It was a very big game for both teams because of the NCAA implications and for UAA standings,” HeadCoach Sonny Travis said. “You could feel the play off atmosphere for both teams.”Case Western put the pressure on early. Within two minutes of kickoff, the team earned a corner kick.However, the Eagles held off the attack and then created scoring chances of their own.The Eagles broke through in the 30th minute of play. Coming in on a breakaway, sophomore midfielderJason Andrejchak, junior forward Sebastian Hardington and junior midfielder Nick Schook were all running towards the net.When the Case Western defender tried to clear the ball, it deflected off of himself and went directly toSchook. Schook put the shot in the back of the net, resulting in the game-winning goal.When asked about how the team prepares for hard opponents, Hardington emphasized repetition and paying attention to details.“We trained hard all week and really paid attention to detail,” Hardington said. “It was a team effort andeveryone’s hard work paid off by coming together as one unit.”The Eagles continued to dominate in the second half. By the time the game concluded, the team had 19scoring chances.“We have to score more goals on 19 chances, but it is not from a lack of effort,” Travis said. “Sometimesthat is just this crazy game they call soccer.” Goalie Abe Hannigan’s had a marvelous game in the net,saving both shots fired at him. At the same time, the defense played tremendously, only allowing CaseWestern two shots on target.Travis was very pleased with the result of the game. When asked about his expectations movingforward, he said, “I expect that we continue to work hard and earn an NCAA bid.”The Eagles finish their regular season tomorrow, Nov. 8, at Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.). The Eagles will then have to wait to find out if they will be selected to compete in the 2014 NCAA Men’s SoccerChampionship.— By Michael Scheck, Contributing Writer