The women’s soccer team concluded their regular season on a high note last Saturday with a 1-0 roadwin at Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.). The victory elevated the team’s record to 11-1-6, with a 2-1-4record in conference play, making them the only team in the UAA with one loss.Carnegie Mellon was the fourth ranked team in Division III and the champions of the University Athletic Association (UAA).The win also leaves Emory in fourth place in the conference behind Carnegie Mellon, the University of Chicago and New York University.The Eagles took a major risk from the outset of the game, changing their formation from their usualbackline of players to a 3-4-3 formation in order to better combat Carnegie Mellon’s two forwards. While it took her team a bit of time to adapt to an unfamiliar formation, Head Coach Sue Patberg felt the change paid dividends.“In [the Carnegie Mellon] game, we went out a little bit riskier, playing a 3-4-3 [formation in order to better]match up against their two forwards,” Patberg said. “[While it was] a little riskier defensively, [it left us]better off matched up. While [the formation change] took a little longer to settle into a rhythm, once wedid, we were able to transition and be dangerous.”Patberg was pleased with the Eagles’ effort in such an important game and felt they played a strong two way game.“When we were able to get the ball, we transitioned really well. We were able to get behind their back line and get some chances, and as the game continued to move on, we settled in a little bit,” she said.“Everyone found their roles; we started playing quicker and were able to create more dangerousopportunities. It was great game both ways.”The only goal of the game came in the 70th minute, when senior forward Emily Feldman dribbled pastseveral defenders before beating the goal keeper at the far post. The goal was Feldman’s team-leadingseventh of the season. The Emory defense was able to hold off Carnegie Mellon’s attack and preserve a1-0 win. The shut out was the team’s 11th of the season, and the 13th shut out of junior goalkeeper LizArnold’s career, the third most in Emory history in a career.“To be honest, I can’t really take credit for all of the shutouts by myself,” Arnold said of her careerlandmark. “The defenders have a huge role, [but I am] very proud of the record.”When asked to reflect on the end of the team’s regular season, Arnold was positive about the team’srecent performances.“We definitely ended strong. We are playing our best soccer right now. We have been improving allseason and we are at the top of our game, which is where we want to be.”The Eagles will take on Kenyon College (Ohio) at Thomas More College in Crestview Hills, Ky. for the first round of the NCAA Division III Women’s Soccer Championships this Saturday, Nov. 15.— By Oliver Rockman, Staff Writer