• On Nov. 6 at 1 p.m., a student contacted Emory Police Department (EPD) regarding damage to his vehicle at 10 Eagle Row. The individual said that he parked his car in the Pi Kappa Alpha parking lot and found scratches on the door when he returned. When officers arrived on the scene, they found that the2007 blue Toyota Highlander had significant scratches on the door and determined that an individual may have tried drawing something on the car. Information regarding the incident has been turned over to aninvestigator.• On Nov. 7 at 12:30 a.m., officers were patrolling Eagle Row when they noticed an individual drop a white cigarette in front of Few Hall. Officers approached the individuals and found that the cigarette may have been filled with marijuana. The individual was cited with possession of marijuana under one ounce.The case has been turned over to Campus Life.• On Nov. 7 at 2:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Dobbs Hall. Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and American Medical Response were on the scene when officers arrived. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital. Officersalso confiscated fake identification from the individual. Information regarding the case has been turned over to Campus Life.• On Nov. 7 at 2:55 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol.The individual was coming back to Emory using Uber and got sick while in the car. When the car stopped to let the individual out, officers noticed her. Officers contacted EMS and the responders determined that the individual did not need any further treatment. The intoxicated individual contacted her parents to pick her up.• On Nov. 9 at 11:09 p.m, EPD responded to a noise complaint at 14 Eagle Row. When officers arrived on the scene, they found a stereo on the patio. Officers met with a fraternity member of the house, and they agreed to turn the music off.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr