If the NCAA’s television revenue was split like the NBA’s, the average player would receive roughly$77,000 per year from the NCAA’s contract with Turner Sports for the NCAA tournament alone. Thisdoesn’t include the multimillion dollar revenues from television deals for regular season games and ticketsales. At Emory you can join a fraternity, eat out all the time, blow a ton of money at Pitch ‘N Putt everyweekend and pay for room, board and books for less than $77,000.This is an unrealistic example because student athletes are compensated with over 13,000 scholarshipsper year instead of a percentage of revenue.It would seem, then, that the NCAA ought to allow athletes playing for top-revenue teams to be paid for their contributions.Due to a few factors. however, it’s not that easy. It’s more complicated because not all college sportsbring in tens of millions of dollars for their universities.The current system would work if the revenue of all sports resembled the current low revenue sports likegolf and gymnastics, but the reality is that NCAA revenues have exceeded $800 million in recent years largely due to football and basketball. With revenues this large, one might ask why the NCAA doesn’t justcompensate the players like they are professional athletes.In an institution of the complete opposite of the current system, athletes would be paid at their marketvalue. Star players and high school recruits would be paid large sums of money and athletes for less popular sports would likely be paid nothing. This option would be like a death sentence for low revenuecollegiate sports, and there would be many consequences down the road of giving young athletes hugesums of money even earlier in their lives.Since the current system is broken and a revenue sharing system comparable to a professional sports is unrealistic and would prove disastrous, the solution has to be constructed using two methods: athletestipends and the player’s ability to profit off their own names.In efforts to appease critics of the current system, the NCAA has proposed to give Division I athletes a$2,000 stipend. At Emory, this wouldn’t even cover the freshman meal plan. The NCAA should give allathletes a larger stipend to help cover college expenses, because lets be honest, college isn’t cheap.These stipends won’t apply to Division II and Division III schools (sorry, Emory athletes), because sportsin those divisions do not make enough money for universities, hence the limited scholarships in Division II and no scholarships in Division III.Opponents will argue that there is no money for this, but one doesn’t have to look further than the $71million surplus the NCAA, a non-profit organization, recorded in 2012.Even if the stipend is implemented, the unethical treatment of collegiate athletes will continue until the metaphorical wall of amateurism that the NCAA hides behind is torn down.In order to maintain “amateur status,” the NCAA has incredibly strict rules and guidelines against playersreceiving impermissible benefits. Every couple of months, star player X has their picture onSportsCenter while the anchor reads something along the lines of “Player is currently under investigation by the NCAA for receiving impermissible benefits.”So what is the big deal about these “impermissible benefits”?Impermissible benefits are any tangible benefit that a player receives. They range from Reggie Bush and his family receiving approximately $280,000 in benefits from a sports marketing agent, to GeraldoBoldewijn being suspended and forced to pay back $700 for an impermissible use of a 1990 ToyotaCamry with 177,000 miles on it, to Cedric Febis paying $20 to a charity, which was the value of the“benefits” he received.The latest trend in the attack on amateurism is a players’ right to profit off their own likeness. EdO’Bannon’s lawsuit against the NCAA is addressing this issue, and deals with the NCAA profiting off the use of athletes’ likenesses in the EA Sports NCAA Basketball video game. The court ruled that banningpayments to players “unreasonably restrains trade.” The ruling continues to say that players should receive “a limited share of the revenues generated from the use of their names, images and likenesses in addition to a full grant-in-aid.”Friends of mine that play for Division I sports teams joke that their universities own them because of the amount of time and effort their coach demands of them. What is being addressed in this case is how theNCAA actually owns the rights to these players’ names and can profit off them without compensating thestudent-athletes.The NCAA only sells jerseys without the players names on the back, but high profile college athletes can be easily identified by their number. However, when Jay Bilas, a college basketball analyst for ESPN,searched high profile athletes’ names like Johnny Manziel on the NCAA online shop, the search resultsreturned the player’s jersey. The corresponding player’s jersey would not pop up when searched without the name of the player being written into the computer program of the listing of the jersey. Bilas caughtthe NCAA profiting off the names of current college athletes, who would then revoke their amateurstatus. The players whose jerseys are being sold don’t receive a penny from the NCAA for the use of their name. Within 24 hours of Bilas’ tweets, the NCAA released a statement saying that “the NCAAonline shop will no longer offer college and university merchandise.” The irony of the whole story is theNCAA violated these athletes’ amateur status for their own benefit, even though it is the way the NCAAis able to justify their treatment of these athletes.The best solution is to give every student athlete the same stipend no matter what sport they play. I believe it should be higher than $2000. If you say the NCAA and colleges cannot afford this, look no further than NCAA revenues and coaches’ salaries. This system is fair to everybody except the high profile college athletes. This is why I propose that athletes should be allowed to profit off their own name and image while they are still in college. Athletes should receive financial compensation for the use of their name for life and compensation for the use of their number while that number is still theirs, includingif the number is retired. This proposal will prevent the NCAA from exploiting athletes under the protection of amateurism.— By Nathan Janick, Contributing Writer