Mara Rosenstock is a freshman from Madison, Wisconsin. In high school, she was a three-time all-statediver and was selected as West High School’s 2014 Scholar Athlete. As an Eagle, Rosenstock was selected as the University Athletic Association (UAA) Women’s Diver of the Week, after sweeping all the events in her first intercollegiate meet against the University of North Carolina-Wilmington on Saturday,Oct. 18.Zoe Elfenbein: How do you like competing at a collegiate level compared to a high school level?Mara Rosenstock: I like it a lot. It’s definitely really nerve-wracking, but it’s been really cool meetingpeople from all over the country. In high school it was only people in the same state, but now I’mcompeting against people from all over.ZE: What is your favorite thing about diving?MR: Probably just the feeling of flying through the air, as cheesy as that sounds.ZE: How did you first get involved with the sport?MR: My older sister did it and really liked it and said I should try it, so I stuck with it. I started at nine, andwhere I’m from in Wisconsin, they didn’t really have a lot of facilities or coaches, so I did it on and off a lot of the time, but I was on my high school team.ZE: What is your favorite thing about freshman year so far?MR: Definitely the people. I’ve been meeting so many new people and everyone is so friendly. I love the atmosphere here.ZE: Favorite flavor of ice cream?MR: Peanut Butter Cup Perfection from Cold Stone.ZE: What are you most looking forward to this season?MR: Probably seeing if I could improve over the season. I just started with a new coach and a new team so I’m excited to see how we grow together.ZE: Favorite team bonding activity?MR: There are only four divers, but we’re really close to the swim team. Being with the swim team is really nice. It’s like having a smaller family within a bigger family. We’re divided into blue and gold teamsand we’ve had dodgeball and volleyball games, which are friendly, but there’s still a competitiveatmosphere, which is always fun.ZE: Do you know your major yet?MR: I want to do something related to marketing in the Business School.ZE: What is your dream job?MR: Starting my own company. That’d be really cool.EZ: Why Emory?MR: I’m from Wisconsin, so the weather was definitely a pull. When I visited, the team seemed great and the school seemed great. I can’t really describe it, but it just felt right.ZE: If you could have any superpower, what would it be?MR: To fly.ZE: Do you have a role model?MR: My older sister. She was also a diver. Actually, I have three older sisters and all of them are my rolemodels.ZE: Most distinct or favorite memory from diving?MR: Just in general, after competing, going out to dinner with teammates and relaxing is always nice.ZE: Any pre-meet superstitions?MR: Not really. Before my last meet, I went to Rise-N-Dine in Emory Village and got an omelet, so I might do that before every meet now.— By Zoe Elfenbein, Staff Writer