Hannah Meyer vs. Brandeis this past weekend. Photo by Perry Onaka | StaffThe Emory women's soccer team played two games over the weekend, drawing against both BrandeisUniversity (Mass.) and New York University (NYU).The game against Brandeis ended in a scoreless tie, but despite the tie, the team maintained the intensity of momentum that the team has been performing for the last few games. The game went into double overtime, their fourth time this season a game has gone into extra time. It was the third time the team came away with a tie."This season has been frustrating for a lot of reasons, but I think this weekend we were finally able to put together two halves of good soccer, which is great," senior midfielder Jordan Morell said.Emory finished with 10 shots, with four on the goal, compared to Brandeis' nine shots, with three on thegoal. Both teams displayed a strong defensive strategy, and the goalkeepers from Emory and Brandeis made three and four saves, respectively.Senior midfielder/defender Ally Peterson, sophomore center-midfielder Anna Gurney and freshmenforward Grace Edgarton and defender Danielle Darius brought a strong offensive showing with one shot apiece on target.Emory committed 12 fouls, while Brandeis committed seven.The Eagles faced NYU at home on Sunday morning, tying 1-1.Junior forward Cristina Ramirez scored Emory's only goal in the 69th minute of play."I think it was great that even though we were down 1-0, we kept pushing and didn't give up," Ramirezsaid.Emory had 16 shots with five on goal compared to NYU's 13 shots with six on goal.NYU's Megan Carver scored their only goal a minute and a half into the second half, besting Emory'sgoalkeeper senior Kristin Temple, who made a career high of five saves."They were both tough games, and though we didn't get the week end results we wanted, I'm really proud of how my team played and how hard everyone worked," Temple said.Temple added that NYU's goal in the second half made for an exciting half."I think we did a great job of working together to win that goal back, and it was incredible to be part of thatexperience," she said.Since the Eagles are approaching the end of the season, members of the team reflected on their performance during the season."While two ties isn't ideal for us, both of the teams we played this weekend are top 10-ranked teams,which just goes to show that we do have what it takes to compete at a high level," Morell said. "We only have one game left this season, but I'm feeling pretty confident about it after seeing how we played against Brandeis and NYU."The Eagles' last game will be against the University of Rochester (N.Y.) on Saturday, Nov. 7. Before thegame, the seniors— Liz Arnold, Morell, Peterson and Temple — will be honored in an on-field ceremony."We are focused on Saturday's game, hopefully beating Rochester and having a great senior day for our amazing seniors," Ramirez said.