Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative CommonsOn April 14 at 7:55 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a suspicious male student pursuing a relationship with a female student. The female student called the police after another male student began showing up at different locations where she had been. The female student said that they were friends with similar schedules, but the male student wanted to become more involved with her. The female student was given resources regarding the incident and Campus Life was notified.On April 16 at 2:14 a.m., a fire alarm was activated at 20 Eagle Row. When officers arrived at the Kappa Sigma Fraternity house, the fire extinguisher had been discharged, and the contents had been let out inside the hall. There was no evidence of smoke or fire at the scene. The incident was turned over to aninvestigator.On April 16 at 9:00 p.m., EPD received a call regarding a suspicious individual at Starbucks in the Barnes & Noble Bookstore. A female was in the café when a male individual approached her and tried to talk to her. The female said she didn’t want to be rude but that she had to leave. The suspicious malecontinued to talk to her as she left, so she called the police. When officers arrived on the scene, they were unable to locate the suspicious individual.On April 18 at 3:55 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Raoul Hall. The individual had been drinking at Maggie’s Neighborhood Bar & Grill and had bruises on his body. Another individual at the scene was concerned that he may have gotten into analtercation. Emory Emergency Medical Service (EEMS) arrived and examined the individual. He refused transportation to the hospital. Campus Life was notified.On April 17 at 11:30 a.m., an individual stole an iPhone from a room in Clairmont Tower during a poweroutage. One of the room’s occupants left their apartment door unlocked, and when they returned, thephone was missing. The iPhone is valued at $500. The case has been turned over to an investigator.— Compiled by Asst. Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr