Emory students, many of them burdened with student debt, understandably want to ensure they ​c ansecure a post-graduation job worthy of their investment. Consequently, students seek various resumeenhancements, including Emory’s honor societies. These societies operate on the national and departmental level, typically based on standards of outstanding academic achievement. We at the Wheel question the value of these honor societies as they currently exist beyond simply acknowledging studentsuccess and encourage their administrations to make a more worthwhile use of students’ money.The concept of honor societies is not inherently wrong. Many Emory students deserve rewards for theirdedication. In particular, departmental honor societies are beneficial, motivating students with potential and rewarding students that have achieved within their specific field. However, many societies chargestudents substantial fees in exchange for another line on a resume, with little substance or genuineactivity.It is natural for students to seek out societies like these. After all, the standards for excellence, especially at a prestigious university like Emory, keep increasing and many worthy students turn to honor societies as a reward for their handwork. Herein, however, lies the problem: honor societies take advantage of this desire for recognition with a sticker price.We at the Wheel feel that this is a lost opportunity for honor societies. They could offer moreacademically stimulating programs, inquiry-oriented seminars, discussions and guest speakers that will engage students beyond a simple line item as a reward for their hard work.We also advise students to be aware of such groups and societies on campus, and to choose their memberships mindfully. This phenomenon permeates the space of student clubs, some of which are established for the explicit purpose of resume building and professional skills. Our campus would be more enjoyable if we looked for clubs and student organizations in the pursuit of true learning. Preprofessional, career-focused clubs have their place, but they are not sufficiently extracurricular — anextracurricular club helps students to learn skills outside of their coursework. While pre-professional andresume-building clubs may fit this category in some aspects, they should exist on the margins of ourpurview.Given that, marketable skills are still very important. It is Emory’s duty to prepare students for life beyond these four years and beyond our first job. But perhaps they are better suited for the classroom settingthan the extracurricular setting.Many departments already offer at least one mandatory class focused on resume-building, interviewpreparation and self-marketing. If the University adequately integrates pre-professional skills into a section of department coursework, students will have more opportunities to pursue unique, out-of-thebox extracurricular activities. Crucial pre-professional skills do not necessarily have to be at odds withEmory’s liberal arts agenda and shouldn’t outshine each other. If Emory can adapt this idea into regularcoursework, students will feel less pressure d to seek out pre-professional clubs and societies, which in turn will result in a more enriching, valuable college experience.The above staff editorial represents the majority opinion of the Wheel’s editorial board.