The Bills Keep TrollingNo matter what side you are on in Deflategate, you are sick of hearing about it. Now that all the dust hassettled, leave it to the Bills to start having fun with the whole situation. First let's break down the air pumps incident.These weren't in some small shop somewhere in Buffalo, THEY WERE IN THE FRONT OF THE TEAMSTORE! The organization is openly trolling the Patriots. The execution of this was perfect, subtly placingmultiple models of standard pumps that you could buy at any sporting store. The Bills fans also had some fun poking fun at the whole controversy. However, my favorite — unrelated to deflategate — was the sign with Rex Ryan "coming in like a Rexing ball. "Cardale Jones should quit social mediaCardale Jones' first moment of fame wasn't coming in as the third-string QB and leading Ohio State to a National Championship. In case, you missed it, last summer Jones tweeted, "Why should we have to go to class if we came here to play FOOTBALL, we ain't come to play SCHOOL, classes arePOINTLESS."This past summer after his actual rise to fame, Cardale Jones visited a kid in the hospital. You might wonder how this might turn into bad press, but Jones proceeded to be at the kid 98-35 in NCAA Football.Yeah that is kind of a jerk move, but leave it Cardale to take it to the next level. When the kid asked for arematch, Jones responded by talking trash on twitter.This weekend Jones found another social media platform with which to get himself into trouble.Cardale Jones's Instagram bio used to read "3rd String QB @ The Ohio State University Oh Wait, 1stString." However, after being benched in Saturday's game against Northern Illinois, first string was replaced by "second string." This is a big no-no. It's like changing your relationship status to single aftergetting in a fight with a boy friend or girlfriend. Like any significant other would, Urban Meyer likelyreprimanded Jones and his Instagram bio now reads …http://www.sbnation.com/2015/9/5/9267713/kansas-state-bands-halftime-show-sure-looks-like-ajayhawk-performingAnytime a band makes national news for one of its performances, the result is always a funny one. Justwatch the video and judge for yourself. Yes that is the Kansas Jayhawk, the rival mascot of KansasState. (Editor's note: the rest of the commentary has been censored)America's Favorite Family Owns the I nternetUnlike the athletes above, the Currys have figured out the Internet.Whether it's Steph and his wife Ayesha making a re mix Video to Drake's "0 to 10 / The Catch Up," orevery Instagram from Riley Curry's 3rd Birthday Party, the Currys continue to bolster their case forAmerica's favorite family.However, their recent Instagram takes the title for best Curry post. Not only is it absolutely adorable thatRiley wants to be like her Dad and get her ankles taped, Curry makes a joke about his past ankle issues.Keep killing it Steph and Ayesha, the rest of the Internet has a lot to learn from your family.