Hello, and welcome to the last-ever edition of The Beej Knows Best. After three years of writing this weekly column, I am incredibly sad to see my time come to an end. Special thanks must be given to my editors over the years (Elizabeth Weinstein, Nathaniel Ludewig, Ryan Smith, Bennett Ostdiek, ZakHudak and Elana Cates). But most importantly, I want to thank every one of you who chose to use the back page of the newspaper for more than just an umbrella during those rainy days and read my articles.Whether it was getting an email about a position I took on a prospect, or talking to some one about my predictions and analyses on campus, it was my fans that kept me excited about writing week in and week out. I appreciate you guys more than you know.And now that I’ve wiped the tears off my face, it’s time to get to business. Without further ado, here is my full first round mock draft.1. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Jameis Winston, QB, Florida State University He has been their guy from day one. After countless meetings, numerous reports show the Glazerfamily, who owns the team, is comfortable enough with Winston’s character to pull the trigger. He has shown exceptional pocket passing ability that will help him succeed right away in the NFL.2. Cleveland Browns: Marcus Mariota, QB, University of Oregon The Browns are still searching for their franchise quarterback. Mariota’s deadly accuracy will be a blessing after the sub par numbers put up by Johnny Manziel and Brian Hoyer. They know that a quarterback is the most important position in football.3. Jacksonville Jaguars: Dante Fowler Jr, OLB, University of Florida Head coach Gus Bradley is a defensive guy, and he finally gets his superstar edge rusher. Fowler is a guy they can move all around the field, and can get to the quarterback. The only thing is, he becomes a premier pass rusher à la Aldon Smith or Von Miller.4. Oakland Raiders: Amari Cooper, WR, University of Alabama The Raiders seem to love Derek Carr, and he showed signs of improvement towards the end of theseason. Acquiring a bona fide number one option at the wide out position will help Carr grow and develop.Cooper has proven for three straight seasons in college that he is the real deal; I expect him to flourish in the NFL.5. Washington Redskins: Leonard Williams, DE, University of Southern California Washington probably looks to trade down, but ultimately decide to take the best player available.Williams has the flexibility to play multiple positions on the defensive line, and can get to the quarterbackwhile stuffing the run, solutions to two major problems for Washington last season.6. Atlanta Falcons: Kevin White, WR, West Virginia University The Falcons trade up with the Jets to get their guy in White. He is a big target with serious speed, and a perfect compliment to Julio Jones. With Roddy White aging, White can step in and bolster what could be one of the most dangerous passing attacks in the league, provided the Falcons upgrade elsewhere in later rounds.7. Chicago Bears: Trae Waynes, CB, Michigan State University Although the Bears miss out on one of the top two receivers in this class, they land the best cornerbackprospect to pair with the promising Kyle Fuller, and begin bolstering one of the worst defenses in theleague.8. New York Jets: Vic Beasley, OLB, Clemson UniversityThe Jets upgrade a position at which they are aging. Beasley will have the benefit of playing behindarguably the best front three in the NFL. He is the pass rusher the Jets need to make it to the next level,provided they find an up grade for the quarterback position as well.9. New York Giants: Brandon Scherff, OL, University of Iowa The Giants’ offensive line was putrid last year. Adding the best prospect will help Eli Manning, who could be dangerous with Odell Beckham Jr. coming into his second season.10. St. Louis Rams: Ereck Flowers, OL, University of Miami The Rams need a lot of help on the offensive line, especially after letting two starters leave in theoffseason. Flowers can play both tackles, and could even start as a guard.11. Minnesota Vikings: DeVante Parker, WR, University of LouisvilleIt’s a match made in heaven. Parker played with quarter back Teddy Bridgewater in college; reunitingthem along with recent acquisition Mike Wallace turns the receiving corps from a weakness to astrength.12. Tennessee Titans: Shane Ray, OLB, University of Missouri After trading down, the Titans can get the pass rush er they need, who also is arguably the highest player on their board, to pair with free agent acquisition Brian Orakpo.13. New Orleans Saints: Danny Shelton, DT, University of WashingtonDefensive coordinator Rob Ryan and the Saints’ defense get the gap-stuffing nose tackle they sorelyneed. Because they have an extra first round pick, they can pick the best offensive/defensive players at the time. Shelton fits the bill.14. Miami Dolphins: Breshad Perriman, WR, University of Central FloridaKenny Stills isn’t the solution for their receiving corps. After signing Ndamukong Suh, the Dolphins need to acquire offensive talent that matches their defensive prowess.15. San Francisco 49ers: Alvin Dupree, OLB, University of Kentucky The 49ers’ defense and pass rush went from being a strength to a weakness in just one offseason.Drafting Dupree is the first step to righting the ship in the Bay Area.16. Houston Texans: Dorial Green-Beckham, WR, University of Oklahoma After releasing Andre Johnson, the Texans need another option outside of DeAndre Hopkins. GreenBeckham has many off-the-field issues, but his tantalizing combination of size and speed is too much to pass up at this juncture.17. San Diego Chargers: Todd Gurley, RB, University of Georgia18. Kansas City Chiefs: Jaelen Strong, WR, Arizona State University19. Tennessee Titans: Arik Armstead, DE, University of Oregon20. Philadelphia Eagles: Kevin Johnson, CB, Wake Forest University21. Cincinnati Bengals: Randy Gregory, OLB, University of Nebraska22. Pittsburgh Steelers: Landon Collins, SS, University of Alabama23. Detroit Lions: Malcom Brown, DT, University of Texas24. Arizona Cardinals: Melvin Gordon, RB, University of Wisconsin25. Carolina Panthers: La’el Collins, OL, Louisiana State University26. Baltimore Ravens: Jalen Collins, CB, Louisiana State University27. Dallas Cowboys: Byron Jones, CB, University of Connecticut28. Denver Broncos: Cameron Erving, OL, Florida State University29. Indianapolis Colts: Cedric Ogbuehi, OL, Texas A&M University30. Green Bay Packers: Marcus Peters, CB, University of Washington31. New Orleans Saints: Nelson Agholor, WR, University of Southern California32. Minnesota Vikings: Andrus Peat, OL, Stanford University