Minnesota Vikings (4-2) at Chicago Bears (2-4)Week 8 looks to feature a lot of what should be competitive games, so I'm slightly more nervous than I usually am about my picks.Nevertheless, let's start in Chicago, where the 2-4 Bears host the Minnesota Vikings. The Vikings'offense looked red hot last week in their 28-19 victory over the Lions. Quarterback Teddy Bridgewaterthrew for 316 yards and two touchdowns and a passer rating of 118.3. Running back Adrian Petersonracked up 98 yards on 19 carries, the majority of which came from a 75-yard rush that was only stopped at the three yard-line in the middle of the third quarter. The Vikings' defense was almost as stout, sackingLions quarterback Matthew Stafford seven times over the course of the game.This game is of great importance for the Bears, too. While neither team stands a chance at overtaking the Green Bay Packers for the division lead, the outcome of this game could have major wild cardimplications. The Bears lost to the Lion's two weeks ago, so it will be interesting to see these teams playeach other. Though it's tough to compare one week to another, the Bears' and Vikings' performancesagainst the Lions could speak volumes as to their performances this weekend.Vikings 28 Bears 17Green Bay Packers (6-0) at Denver Broncos (6-0)This is by far the best match up of the weekend. The Packers have won every game with ease this season and are coming off of a bye week. Quarterback Aaron Rodgers is on pace to match his MVPseason numbers from 2011 and 2014, when he recorded touchdown and interception rates of 45-6 and38-5, respectively. Rodgers currently has a 15-2 ratio this season. The one question mark in thePackers' offense has been their rushing attack. Running back Eddie Lacy has been dealing with injuries lately that have allowed veteran running back James Starks to pick up some of his carries. Despite the uncertainty at the position, the Packers have still managed to rack up 127 yards per game on the ground.Although quarterback Peyton Manning has had a rough start to the season, the Broncos are still 6-0.Every week, the Broncos are able to squeak out another win. Manning is averaging only 240 yards pergame; he has thrown seven touchdowns to a whopping 10 interceptions. Father Time may have finally caught up with the future first-ballot hall of famer. Denver's biggest asset this year has been theirdefense, which leads the league in yards allowed (first in passing and third in rushing). There's a reason this game is the Sunday Night game of the week.Packers 27 Broncos 24New York Jets (4-2) at Oakland Raiders (3-3)I may have said that I'm going to stop writing about the Jets but sometimes it's hard to avoid them. After a crushing 30-23 loss to the Patriots, the Jets head into a Raiders team that may be more impressive than its 3-3 record suggests. They have lost games to both the Bengals and the Broncos, who may be two of the better teams in the league. The Raiders are also coming off of their strongest offensiveshowing of the season. Quarterback Derek Carr threw for three touchdowns and 289 yards on 24 for 31passes and running back Latavius Murray racked up 85 yards on 15 carries to go with a touchdown.However, last week they played against San Diego, one of the worse defensive teams in the league.On the contrary, the Jets' defense is ranked second in terms of yards allowed and fourth in points allowed per game. The Jets offense can never be relied on to score 30 points a game, but if the defense can hold its own, then there's no reason why the offense can't help them squeak out a win this weekend.Jets 20 Raiders 16New York Giants (4-3) at New Orleans Saints (3-4)The Saints surprised me in Week 7 when they beat the Colts 27-21. The biggest surprise came from running back Mark Ingram, a name that's lost its glitter in the past few seasons. Ingram ran for 143 yardson 14 carries and a touchdown. Ingram also had help in short-yard situations from Khiry Robinson, whoran 14 times for 28 yards and two touchdowns.The Giants beat the Dallas Cowboys last week end for the first time since 2012, in a game where no players really stood out. In fact, two of the three Giants touchdowns were NOT scored by their offense(one defensive and one special teams TD). An interesting fact to consider is that the Giants and Saintsdefenses are ranked No. 29 and No. 30, respectively. That being said, expect a lot of points in this game.Giants 30 Saints 37Last Week's Record: 2-2Season Record: 15-12