Some devastating news just fell into the in box on your On Fire correspondent’s desk.NFL quarterback Tom Brady’s wife, Gisele Bundchen, is bidding farewell to the runway.Your On Fire correspondent is crying.The 34-year-old Brazilian beauty (and mother of Tom Brady’s children) announced that she would end her 20-year-long career during a runway show in Sao Paulo, Brazil, as Brady sat in the front row.Bundchen says she wants to “spend more time with her family.”But … why?She’s the world’s highest-paid model, according to Forbes magazine’s 2014 ranking. Last year, she outearned her husband (may it be repeated her husband is Tom-freaking-Brady), making about $47 million.After she retired, Tom wrote a nice love-Facebook post to his wife: “Congratulations Love of my Life. Youinspire me every day to be a better person. I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway. I have never met some one with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way. You never cease to amaze me. Nobody loves life more than you and your beauty runs much deeper than what the eye can see. I can’t wait to see what’s next. I love you.”Wow, Tom Brady.This man has it all: the looks, the football skills, the Uggs and now he’s a poet?!This got your On Fire correspondent thinking about other couples of the athlete-and-celebrity kind.1. Tony Romo and Candice CrawfordHe’s the Dallas Cowboys’ quarterback, she’s the 2008 Miss Missouri. The couple have two children,Hawkins Crawford Romo and Rivers Romo. Points for the creative names. Your On Fire correspondentwishes this family well.2. Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom“But On Fire correspondent, they broke up!” Yes, he (or she) knows that … everyone knows that. Yet,this couple intrigues your On Fire correspondent. Khloe, a Kardashian, is a part of the famous family that is still on TV — who knows why — but they kind of just shrug off the fame because they’re prettyentertaining … even if they do pose a threat to the intelligence of their watchers. Lamar, on the otherhand, is an athlete/entertainment star wannabe. He owns his own music and film production company,Rich Soil Entertainment. He appeared in a Taco Bell commercial along with Charles Barkley duringSuper Bowl XLIV. He had a cameo on the second season of the HBO television series “Entourage.” Oh,and he was on a bunch of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” and 20 episodes of “Khloe and Lamar.”The couple divorced in 2013, but hey, at least Lamar got to fulfill his dream of appearing on TV?3. Carmelo Anthony and Alani “La La” VazquezAnother basketball-TV personality couple! This couple also had a reality show, titled “La La’s Full CourtWedding.” The show chronicled the five years leading up to the wedding. Five years? Your On Firecorrespondent thinks this is ridiculous! Five years to plan a one or two hour ceremony? The Royal Wedding between Prince William and Kate took less than a year to plan! Who do La La and Carmelo think they are? Higher than real royalty?4. Jeff Gordon and Ingrid VandeboschClassic model-athlete couple again. Jeff drives the No. 24 Chevrolet SS for Hendrick Motorsports in theNASCAR Sprint Cup Series, while Ingrid is a Belgium model. One of her biggest accomplishments waswinning the Elite Look of the Year Award in 1990. A year later, Jeff won the Busch Series Rookie of the Year Award. So they’re kind of a has-been couple, winning all these awards in the 90’s, but the couple has been married for nine years, which in this pairing of couples is a big accomplishment, so kudos toyou two!5. David Beckham and Victoria Caroline AdamsThe Beyonce and Jay-Z of sports-model couples. They truly have it all: the looks, the net worth(combined over $345 million), the cute kids, the accents and the international fame. David gets to spend all day in his H&M underwear, while Victoria gets to do her pouty face that never changes on the runway.What a life.Almost brings a tear to your On Fire correspondent’s eyes.