Illustration by Shalvi ShahIn previous years at Emory University, peanut butter had been readily available in Dobbs Market, theCollege's primary freshman and sophomore dining hall in the Dobbs University Center (DUC), for hungry students to slosh over bananas, spread on to bagels and create one-of-a-kind sandwiches that remind them of home. This fall, however, with the introduction of Bon Appétit, Emory's new dining serviceprovider, all forms of nuts and nut products have been eliminated from the dining facility.For students on a tight budget and schedule who are often on the run to classes, social events or athletic competitions and to whom quick fuel is essential, this is inexcusable. For vegetarians, vegans or simplypicky eaters, the lack of selection is even harder to digest. Meat, beans, tofu, eggs (limited to breakfast)and the somewhat apologetic glass of milk are all the protein the market has to offer.Reinstating peanut butter in Dobbs Market would be an easy solution to this problem. Peanut butter is both filling and — when served in individual packets — safely transportable. It is a "super food,"according to numerous sports psychologists and nutritionists, and is packed with sufficient caloric and nutritional value to fuel hard working people of all ages.One serving size of peanut butter, just two tablespoons, contains approximately one-third of the daily protein recommendation for men and almost one-half the recommended dose for women. Additionally,each serving provides four teaspoons of oil, equivalent to 67 to 80 percent of the recommended dailydose for women and 57 to 67 percent prescribed for men. Additional benefits of peanut butter include its ability to lower cholesterol in the blood stream and reduce risk of heart disease. Nutrients found in protein,such as manganese and niacin, support healthy metabolism rates, tissue growth and development and bone development. Few other foods offer such a dense nutritional package in proportion to their servingsize.It should be noted that Bon Appétit's motives are not entirely irrational. The purpose of the ban is to avoid possible allergic reactions in students and — as one in 90 Americans are plagued with peanut and/or treenut allergies — this is not a ridiculous precaution to take.The gravity of the measure, however, is extreme. Allergic reactions are not the same for everyone and must be evaluated case by case. At the most severe end, interaction with nut products can elicitanaphylaxis, a dangerous state where the victim experiences either difficulty breathing, reduced bloodpressure, skin problems such as swelling or rash or some combination of the list. While this condition should not be taken lightly, it typically only occurs in densely contaminated environments such as peanutpackaging facilities or kitchens, not school cafeterias.A 2003 study conducted by Dr. Steven J. Simonte found that casual exposure to peanuts, such as touch or air transmission, seldom produces an extreme response in people with peanut allergies.In the study, 30 children with severe peanut allergies underwent "double-blind, placebo-controlled,randomized exposures to peanut butter by means of contact with intact skin and inhalation."Of the children who participated, a few experienced minor skin flare-ups while none "experienced a systemic or respiratory reaction." The study concluded that physical particles of the peanut protein, notthe aroma, needed to be inhaled in order to produce an allergic response.The more common culprit behind allergic reactions is ignorance of peanut consumption. Emory studentsought not to be deemed 'ignorant,' and, as most peanut allergies develop in adolescence, it is reasonable to assume that the majority of those affected have known of their allergy long before attending college.Those with allergies severe enough to require an EpiPen or another form of treatment should and probably do carry such items at all times.There are many ways to reduce the risk of peanut butter reactions while still making it available for those without allergies to enjoy.Closed, individual packets, for example, shield the butter's contact with other foods, human touch and even air-born exposure. Packets like these can be clearly labeled and easily avoided if needed.Furthermore, Bon Appétit has done a fabulous job of installing signs and descriptions of meals, so that students can easily view ingredients, calorie counts and nutritional values of what is being served in order to avoid allergies accordingly.One positive aspect of the nut ban that should not be changed is the removal of nuts from the cookingareas themselves, as it ensures that students with allergies face virtually no risk of accidental intake.Peanut butter alone is not capable of wiping out a legion of allergic Emory students. Due to the rarity of symptoms brought on by casual contact, severe reactions will not result as long as students arerespectful, wise and withhold the principles of Emory as a community of care. These are three qualities that both Emory students and faculty take pride in, and would doubtlessly continue with or withoutpeanuts involved.As long as we are not shoving peanut butter down each other's throats or carelessly wiping residue on the railings, students can be safer, happier, healthier and nourished to a higher degree with peanut butter than without.Claire Wolters is a College freshman from Wallingford, Pennsylvania.