Photo Courtesy of Emory AthleticsEmory women's basket ball got back to its winning ways against Birmingham Southern (Ala.) on Friday,November 20, winning three straight games this past week to bring their record to 4-1 on the year.In the Eagles' home opener against Piedmont College (Ga.) on Sunday, November 22, they won 83-74against their Southern Region rival. Senior guard Khadijah Sayyid led Emory's scoring with twelve points,while also filling the score line with seven assists, seven rebounds and six steals. Senior forward/centerSarah Arington scored 11 points and sophomore forward Lauren Weems scored 10 points with sixrebounds and three steals to cap off Emory's double-digit scoring for the game.Emory shot a solid 49.3% from the field (33 for 67) and 33.3% from three point range (7 for 21), whilePiedmont shot 40.4% from the field (21 for 52) and 44% from three point range (11 for 25), outshootingEmory. However, the Eagles absolutely dominated the boards, posting 42 rebounds compared toPiedmont's 26.On the following Tuesday, November 24th, Emory won again in convincing fashion over LaGrangeCollege (Ga.) to improve their record to 3-1.After closing out the final six minutes of the first quarter on a 12-4 run to put the Eagles up 18-7, the team never relinquished the lead. Emory outscored LaGrange 12-9 in the second quarter and 21-15 in the thirdquarter. In the fourth quarter, the Eagles put up 13 points and finally put away the Panthers at 64-47.Junior guard Fran Sweeney led the game in scoring with 13 points, while Sayyid and sophomoreforward/center Dumebi Egbuna each put up 11 points. Egbuna also ended the game with six rebounds,two blocks and shot a solid 5 for 7 on the night.This past Sunday, November 29, Emory closed out their three-game home stand with a statement winover Methodist University (NC), with a score of 58-44. The Eagles trailed only once during the game, at a score of 8-7 with 3:14 left in the first quarter.Sweeney was the lone double-digit scorer for the Eagles, putting up 11 points in addition to four rebounds and two steals. This was Sweeney's fourth double-digit scoring output of the year. Sayyid extended her31 game streak with a steal to 32 with a two steal performance to go along with nine points, going 3 for 5from three point range.Though Methodist had a better field goal percentage than Emory did, 39.1% (18 for 46) vs. 28.8% (19 for66), Emory was able to win the game by outrebounding and out willing the Monarchs. With 48 reboundscompared to Methodist's 31, including 26 on the offensive glass, the Eagles outscored the Monarchs 227 in second chance points to effectively out bruise and out muscle the Monarchs on the inside. In addition to the strength in the interior, Emory had strength from the outside as well, knocking down eight three pointers compared to Methodist's one.Coach Thomaskutty had motivating words for her players despite the already positive results."There were moments where we're doing everything really well; offensively, defensively, rebounding,"Coach Thomaskutty said. "We're still looking for that consistency for the 40 minutes of a ball game. I think we just need some more practice. We need to compete for 40 straight minutes, not just until we get a lead."Leading up to their upcoming match against Sewanee, the University of the South, Coach Thomaskuttytrusts in the game plan they have set up."We're bigger, so their four guard line up will create some issues for us," Thomaskutty said. "Honestly,we don't want it to be a half court game. We want to go out and run and we want to press them. It'll be one of big challenges and I want to see how our team responds to it. "We will see how Emory's women's basketball team responds to it when they travel to Sewanee,Tennessee to take on the University of the South on Tuesday, December 1.