Sophomore Brian Hernandez awaits the pitch. Hernandez and the Eagles won at home against BerryCollege (Ga.) and away at Oglethorpe University (Ga.). | Mark Spicer/StaffThis past week, the Emory baseball team continued their five-game winning streak, dominating both the Berry College (Ga.) Vikings and the Oglethorpe University (Ga.) Stormy Petrels.On Tuesday, Emory played the Berry Vikings. Berry got on the board first, scoring one run in the top of the first. The Eagles answered with one in the bottom of the second and two more in the bottom of the fourth to take a brief 3-1 lead. Then, the Vikings came back with one run in the top of the fifth and one more in the top of the sixth.Sophomore left-handed pitcher Luke Emmett started on the mound for the Eagles, going four innings,giving up two hits and two runs, while walking two and striking out two.In the bottom of the eighth, junior outfielder David Coble and junior infielder Dylan Eisner started theinning with back-to-back singles and sophomore catcher Brian Hernandez singled through the left side,scoring Coble. After sophomore infielder Philip Maldari reached third on an error, senior outfielder WesPeacock doubled to the left, sending Maldari home.The next batter, senior infielder Jordan Selbach knocked a double to right, scoring Peacock.After the Eagles exploded for five hits that led to five runs, they held an 8-5 advantage, where the score would remain for the rest of the game.Senior outfielder Brett Lake sat on the bench due to injury, allowing other players to step up andcontribute.Coble, Hernandez and Peacock each had two hits for the Eagles. Selbach had four hits and two RBIs.Maldari continued his hitting streak with a single to center in the first inning that extended his hittingstreak to nine. Hernandez raised his batting average to .452 on the season.“Brian [Hernandez] has stepped up in a big kind of way,” Assistant Coach Connor McGuiness said. “Wehave some tough injuries, and for [Hernandez] to come in and perform at this level has been huge for the success of this team.”Sophomore pitcher Kyle Monk, the team’s closer, was crucial in an extended appearance in relief, giving up one run in three and two thirds innings, and earning the win.On Wednesday, the Eagles took on the Oglethorpe Stormy Petrels in a high-scoring affair and came away with a 9-4 victory.The Eagles got on the board first, scoring one run in the top of the second, and they added three more in the third and two more in the fourth. Emory held an 8-0 advantage before the Stormy Petrels were able to get on the board.The Eagles’ batters were locked in at the plate, with Peacock, Eisner and Hernandez at the top of theirlineup. Sophomore outfielder Wilson Morgan had three hits.“Everyone looks comfortable at the plate right now. We’re a scary lineup when we have this confidence,”McGuiness said.Sophomore left-handed pitcher Jackson Weeg started for the Eagles and went six and two thirds innings,giving up three runs, two of which were earned, and striking out 10, to earn the victory. He improved his record to 8-1. Despite striking out 14 times in the game, the Stormy Petrels managed eight hits againstWeeg, two against freshman Matt Randolph, but left 11 runners on base, and were unable to capitalize on their hits.With the wins, Emory’s record stands at 21-10. The Eagles will continue their season this weekend,taking on Mary ville College (Tenn.) on Saturday at 4 p.m. and again on Sunday at 2 p.m. Maryville’soverall record on the season is 22-11.