With spring finally in the air, now is the perfect time to spend your weekends enjoying the AtlantaBeltLine, a 33-mile network of walking, biking and hiking trails that encircle the hustle and bustle ofAtlanta’s concrete jungle.From the completed Eastside Trail running from Piedmont Park through the historic Old Fourth Ward to the trails and pathways leading to the Lindbergh Marta station, Medium Rare will offer the best places to take a break, have a bite and enjoy the sunshine. This week, we take a look at the East side Trail.Park TavernNestled in the southeast corner of Piedmont Park in an unassuming stone building, Park Tavern offersone of the best views of Midtown with quality food to boot. Whether the beginning or end of your Beltlineexploration, the friendly atmosphere, long list of specialty drinks and wine and proximity to the trail makes this an integral part of the East side Beltline. Plus, try the Piedmont sushi roll (a Hamachi andasparagus roll topped with tuna tataki, jalapeno, crispy rice, avocado and spicy soy) or, really, anything else on the sushi menu.Arden’s GardenIn the mood for some juice? Try Arden’s Garden, an Atlanta-based juice company. Founded by exercisepioneer Arden Zinn, the fruit juices sold are fresh, healthy and sure to cool you down on a warm day.From personal experience, their resulting juice tastes better than store-bought juice — and has no pulp!Another selling point is the extra nutritional value of combining multiple juices.Dancing Goats CoffeeWhile coffee may be the last thing on your mind to be paired with urban development and hiking trails,take a quick detour to Dancing Goats. Located next to the newly reclaimed Ponce City Market property,what was originally a regional warehouse for Sears then Atlanta City Hall East is now a growing vibranthub for businesses, tenants and the surrounding community.Dancing Goats, operated by Batdorf and Bronson Coffee Roasters, features a giant screened porch,quality espresso and manages to eschew the stereotypical hipster coffee shop vibe.TWO Urban LicksSet up into an old warehouse amidst a gorgeous backdrop of the city, Executive Chef Michael Bertozzi’sTWO Urban Licks offers a uniquely southern, wood-fired cuisine. With déc or that includes a warm metalfurniture and a 26 foot wine on tap wall, TWO is an environment that is uniquely Atlanta and fitting for theBeltline.Try anything that’s roasted over the rotating rotisseries for mouthwatering satisfaction. The restaurant,having been spotted on Conde Nast Traveler’s “Hot List” and Bon Appetit’s “Hot 50 Tables,” for anyBeltline visitor would be remiss to not visit.King of PopsWhat better way to end a spring day than a nice, cold popsicle? King of Pops is more than a frozen treatin Atlanta; it’s a way of life. Founded by three brothers who were driven by fresh, all natural flavors, Kingof Pops and their carts have become, well, popular to those in the Metro Atlanta area. At the originalPoncey-Highland location just off of Freedom Parkway, the pops reflect the season and a keen sense of what customers want. In the mood for an Arnold Palmer? They’ve got it. Banana Cinnamon? Shoot, they have that too. My personal favorite is the Chocolate Sea Salt with organic cane sugar.— By Stephen Fowler, Executive Digital Editor