On Aug. 30 the Emory Police Department (EPD) received a call from an individual who claimed that his car was hit while it was in Peavine Parking Deck. The individual said that when he parked on Aug. 29 at8 p.m., the space was very tight. He took pictures of his car because he was worried that someone maystrike it. When the individual returned, he noticed that his car had been damaged. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On Aug. 30 EPD received a call from an individual claiming that a male was yelling at her and harassing her near Building G at Clairmont Campus. Officers arrived and located the suspect. After running a background check on the suspect, they determined that the individual had an outstanding warrant for civilassault. The individual was arrested and transported to De Kalb County Jail.On Aug. 30 at 12:04 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated under age individual at the Pi Kappa Alpha house at 11 Eagle Row. The individual was unsure about how much alcohol she hadconsumed. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH) for treatment. CampusLife was notified.On Aug. 29 at 11:55 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated under age individual at the Woodruff Residential Center. The intoxicated student had been drinking at an off-campus apartment. Hisroommate became concerned that he was becoming unconscious and called EPD. The individual was transported to EUH. Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 28 at 8 a.m., EPD received a call from a student in the School of Nursing regarding an IRSphone scam. The scammer said that the IRS had a legal complaint against her and that if she didn'tresolve the matter, she would be responsible for legal action. The individual said that she knew about thisscam in the Emory community and wanted to notify EPD.On Aug. 28 at 1:31 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a student stuck in an elevator in LongstreetMeans Hall. The student was able exit the elevator and Facilities Management placed the elevator out ofservice.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr