John Mulaney is, in my humble opinion, one of the greatest comedians of our time. And though he broke my heart by taking a major dump on the Wheel last Thursday in Glenn Memorial (“Why is it called theWheel? I don’t know if you just saw it, but a hundred people just went *shrug*”), I’m a big enough person to forgive and forget. However, as “one of the greatest comedians of our time,” Mulaney has a much deeper comedy bench than the paltry tricks he performs for us college students.As a self-proclaimed comedy hipster who annoyingly told multiple friends she “liked Mulaney before he came to Emory,” I have, from the kindness of my heart, provided a list of Mulaney’s “greatest hits” —mostly to help new fans discover more of Mulaney’s phenomenal work, but also to prove that I liked himfirst.“New In Town,” via Netflix:Watch Mulaney’s full stand up special from 2012, “New In Town,” via Netflix, or watch clips on Youtubeand Comedy Central. Highlights include a detailed breakdown of Ice T’s role on “Law and Order: SpecialVictims Unit,” the advantage of having a Jewish girl friend and the innate joy of sitting around and doingnothing. Biggest perk: watching the special in the comfort of your own bed instead of in a sweaty,unventilated church.“The Top Part,” via Spotify:You can listen to Mulaney’s full stand up special from 2009, “The Top Part,” via Spotify. It’s the perfect background to any mind less task — cleaning your room, ignoring your roommate, pretending to do work in the library.“Oh, Hello,” series from the “Kroll Show,” via YouTube:If there’s only one thing you watch from this list, make it the “Oh, Hello — Too Much Tuna” skit from NickKroll’s “Kroll Show.” Mulaney and Kroll play two elderly New Yorkers — George St. Geegland and GilFaison — with a prank show on public access television. On their prank show, they surprise their guests by giving them “too much tuna.” And that’s it. It’s a devious, ridiculous and hilarious set of sketches that raises the stakes every time a new plate of tuna is delivered.“Stefon” from “Saturday Night Live” (SNL), via YouTube or NBC.com:Weekend Update’s hottest correspondent? Stefon Meyers. Played by Bill Hader and created by bothHader and Mulaney, Stefon’s legacy as SNL’s New York City correspondent opposite Seth Meyers will never be forgotten. Stefon’s recommendations for NYC nightlife range from the club Crease, where you can find “lights, psychos, Furbies, screaming babies in Mozart wigs and sunburned drifters with soapsud beards to taste” to Club Taste, where “the door’s guarded by 10 jacked homeless guys in oldfashioned bathing suits.” Best part of watching? Seeing Hader break on screen after Mulaney changes the cue cards last minute.John Mulaney Radio on Pandora:If you want more Mulaney but there’s nowhere to turn, consider adding a John Mulaney station to your Pandora list. You’ll get to hear classics from “New In Town” and “The Top Part” while also discoveringhilarious comedians like Kumail Nanjiani, Chad Daniels, Hannibal Buress, Pete Holmes, Patton Oswaltand more. People might wonder why you’re walking around campus with a smirk on your face, but that’sO.K., it’s none of their damn business anyways.— Jenna Kingsley, Special Sections Editor