Having never been to a live music concert before, I had high expectations for my first one. I always knew that I would prefer a more intimate performance to one at a giant stadium with thousands of people, but Ididn’t know exactly how amazing it would feel to stand in a crowd of less than 100 people and just appreciate the music.The Vinyl, a small venue in Midtown, was the perfect place for musicians Kina Grannis and ImaginaryFuture (also known as Jesse Epstein, Grannis’ husband). Both have risen to fame from their videos onYouTube, which feature them singing cover and original songs, sometimes with other members of the YouTube music community. Their music is uniquely their own, playing up both of their strengths asvocalists while also show casing their talent as guitarists. While waiting for the show to start, my friend and I met a couple who had been fans of Grannis for years and had even gotten married to one of hersongs. We also talked to another fan who had been to every one of Grannis’ appearances in Atlanta since she began touring. Overall, the atmosphere during the concert was definitely one that was centered around everyone’s appreciation for the musicians.The show opened with Imaginary Future taking the stage and charming us all with his bad jokes beforesinging some of his original works. His music is slow and contemplative, and his voice has a raw sound in which you can really lose yourself. The emotion is palpable in every word, and the way he completelycommits to his performance really adds to the soulful nature of his music. In the dim lighting of thevenue, with just a single spotlight on the singer, everyone was able to tune out the world and just listen.He sang five songs from his first album, Fire Escape, my favorites of which were “Fire Escape” and“Chasing Ghosts.” But it wasn’t too long after he finished his set that Grannis burst on to the stage with“Dear River” from her new album Elements.Grannis first rose to fame when she entered (and subsequently won) the Doritos Crash the Super Bowlcompetition in 2008. While she also won a record deal with that win, she soon left the company so that she could pursue her own unique sound, not the one the record company wanted her to have. At theconcert, Grannis delivered an eclectic mix of her works, drawing from her new album while also throwing in fan favorites such as “Valentine” and “Message From Your Heart,” for which she called up six luckyaudience members to sing on stage with her. She even treated fans to her popular cover of “SweaterWeather” by The Neighbourhood, stripping the song down to its vocals and delivering an impassioned performance of the indie-rock song.But the high light of the night was undoubtedly the chemistry between Grannis and her husband. The two could not stop looking over at each other while they were singing, and their relationship from high school sweethearts to husband-and-wife was reflected in their music. Their collaboration “I Knew This Would BeLove,” which has over a million views on YouTube, was especially beautiful as their voices complementeach other’s perfectly.While Grannis was the headliner, Imaginary Future really stole the show for me with his indie-inspiredmusic. I think I have found a new anthem in his song “Fire Escape,” which has been playing non-stop in my room for the past week. Grannis and Imaginary Future showed the world that at the end of the day,all you really need to make good music is a little bit of inspiration and a whole lot of love.– By Rashika Verma, Contributing Writer