Whether he's debating fellow Republicans on Fox News or delivering speeches in early voting states,Donald Trump has proved himself to be an unstoppable fool who suffers from verbal diarrhea every time he opens his gigantic mouth. His policies on immigration, foreign affairs and women's rights are so ridiculous that they're almost laughable. In fact, when he announced his candidacy a few months ago, I thought it was a joke. Yet despite such weak leadership skills and absolutely no political experience,Trump has somehow managed to win the straw poll with a 52 percent vote in his favor.His campaign has almost inspired me to run for President in a few years, because if he can do it, surelyanyone can. The real question, though, is who will actually vote for him if he succeeds in becoming a candidate for the presidential election? Let's go through the list of all of the people he has recently insulted and then figure out who is left unoffended to support him.Mexicans: After outlining a detailed immigration policy, Trump made it clear that he is a borderline racistwith ridiculous plans to "protect" the American people against the bad guys. Okay, so who is bad?According to Trump, the Mexicans are because most of them — but not all of them — are rapists, druglords and murderers. In his policy, Trump paints an image of a Mexican-financed wall that spans the entire Mexican-American border because "that's fair."Second on the immigration docket is the deportation of all 11 million illegal immigrants and their children.But what if their children were born in the United States? Trump doesn't care; he wants them deported,too. But hey, at least they will all be deported as a family, right? Wrong! While the parents should not be able to reap the benefits of reproducing in America, the children should not be deported for their parents'crimes. Trump needs to propose a less extreme and a more humane way to change the legal status of the people who are here seeking better lives.Women: In addition to being a grade-A racist, Trump is also a complete misogynist. After calling MegynKelly, one of the nation's most well-known and respected political commentators, a bimbo, he lost the respect and support of Fox News and women everywhere. In Trump's defense, he only called Kelly abimbo because he assumed she may have been menstruating when she asked why he calls women he dislikes "fat pigs," "disgusting animals" and "slobs." His joke of a clarification on Twitter reads: "You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever (NOSE)." Nice save.Why any woman would vote for him is beyond me.Democrats: Campaigning typically involves poking holes in the opposing party's policies and beliefs, butTrump, as always, took this tradition a little too far. Ever since his presidential announcement and up until last week, Trump has managed to call out basically every Democrat in office. After Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton called him a racist for his foolish immigration policy, Trump fired back and posted this to his Facebook page: "She is desperate, she is sad, and she is obviously very nervous."Great comeback, Trump! He also retweeted this from one Twitter user: "If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?" After mopping the floor with Clinton, he moved onto Vietnam War veteran Senator John McCain, who isn't even a Democrat. He said: "He's not a warhero. He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't captured." First of all,Trump wouldn't last thirty seconds as a prisoner of war, so he isn't really qualified to judge a warveteran's bravery. The uncontrollable insult-hurling continued when he said of McCain: "yet another alltalk, no action politician who spends too much time on television and not enough time doing his job." Thiscomment sounds pretty hypocritical coming from a man who stars in a reality television show.Lastly in the Democratic roast, Trump criticized Secretary of State John Kerry for negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran. While there certainly are major flaws in the proposed deal, Trump's condemnation ofKerry's negotiating skills is absurd, especially because Trump's idea of a negotiation is to "say this is what we want and if he doesn't get it, he's got to walk." Okay, that's not the worst remark he's everuttered, but that's not a negotiation, that's a demand.Republicans: After he had exhausted the subject of Democrats, Trump moved on to his own party,attacking every candidate running, which is odd because, well, Republicans just don't do that. In just three months, he has called Jeb Bush weak, John McCain stupid, Scott Walker incompetent, JohnKasich desperate, Rick Perry hypocritical, Marco Rubio cowardly and Mitt Romney "a frozen jellyfish,"whatever that means. I wonder what all of these people would say about him if they had to narrow it to one word.Trump, loudmouth extraordinaire, compensates for his lack of experience and intelligence with his boldstatements, and at this point in the campaign, he has offended so many groups of people that the only ones left to vote for him are the super-rich.Jessica Cherner is a College senior from Bethesda, Maryland.