Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons•On March 19 at 2:00 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) received a call regarding a suspiciousphone scam that has been affecting Emory students. A student called EPD claiming that she received a call from a person posing as an IRS agent. The agent made multiple calls to the student claiming that she owed money to the government. The student became suspicious and notified the police. The case has been turned over to a detective.• On March 20 at 2:37 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Few Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, the female individual was not responsive to voice commands. Emory Emergency Medical Services and American Medical Responsearrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital. The individual said that she had consumed alcohol earlier in the evening. Campus Life was notified.• On March 20 at 2:49 a.m., EPD was notified that a student was assaulted at Maggie’s NeighborhoodBar & Grill. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital. The student was uncooperativewhen questioned by officers and did not want to press charges.• On March 20 at 11:55 p.m., officers were on regular patrol when they noticed seven individuals on the railroad tracks near Clifton Road and Haygood Drive. Four of the students admitted to having smokedmarijuana after officers told them they had an odor of marijuana. The other three individuals said theydidn’t smoke. Officers did not confiscate any marijuana because the individuals said they had disposed of the marijuana cigarette. Campus Life was notified.• On March 21 at 4:08 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age student under the influence of alcohol at the Emory Conference Center. When officers arrived on the scene, the individual was conscious and alert. The female student said that she had been at a party at an off campus house and that she had consumed five mixed drinks at Maggie’s Neighborhood Bar & Grill. The student also said she was at T’Kilas Tacos & More (Los Loros) earlier that night.— Compiled by Assistant Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr