Photo by Jason Oh / StaffIn the results for this year’s Student Government Association (SGA) elections, College junior and currentSGA Vice President Raj Tilwa won the SGA President election with 64 percent of votes (2,157) and current College Council (CC) Vice President and College junior Alyssa Weinstein won the CC Presidentelection with 64 percent of votes (1,282), according Elections Board Chair Reuben Lack, who announced the results on Monday evening in Eagles’ Landing.Tilwa ran against College junior Elyse Lee, and Weinstein ran against College junior Goldy TenreiroBraschi.Additionally, two amendments to the SGA Constitution passed in the election, where more than 2,500total students voted.Proposition 1, which amended the SGA Constitution to institute public scrutiny for certain issues, passedwith 90 percent of the vote (3,092 votes). Proposition 2, which replaced all instances of genderedpronouns in the Constitution with gender-inclusive pronouns such as “they” and “them,” passed with 65percent of the vote (2,268).Read full coverage of the amendments here.Tilwa said he was thankful to be able to “continue serving the Emory community.”“I look forward to realizing my vision to create a campus environment that supports holistic well-being,mutual respect and a sense of belonging for all students,” Tilwa said. “I am excited to continue using my position and the resources of the [SGA] to help students realize their vision for our community.”College sophomore and SGA Campus Services Committee Chair Max Zoberman, who ran unopposed,won the election for SGA Vice President with 74 percent of votes (2,487).While 26 percent of those who voted selected no confidence, Zoberman expressed his gratitude and commented on the no confidence votes.“I’m genuinely honored to have been elected,” Zoberman said. “I was running unopposed, butnonetheless, I know there was opposition to my candidacy, and I’m glad the student body had faith in me in the end. I’ve started a lot of initiatives that I’m excited to see through, and although I didn’t win 100percent of the vote, I look forward to working for 100 percent of the student body and hopefully instillconfidence in those who voted no confidence in this election.”College junior and CC Vice President of Student Affairs Sheena Desai, who ran unopposed, won the election for CC Vice President with 80 percent of votes (1,554), with 20 percent voting no confidence, in addition to Weinstein’s win.Weinstein said she was excited about her election.“There is so much work to do, and I am confident that the Vice President and I will be able to accomplish so much over the course of the next year,” Weinstein said. “I’m hoping that this will be the best CC yet.”Desai echoed these sentiments.“I couldn’t be more honored and thrilled to have been elected [CC] Vice President,” Desai said. “ThePresident and I already have so many great ideas for next year, and we can’t wait to get to work! I’d like to thank everyone for their support, and trust that the 60th [CC] will accomplish incredible things.”Student Programming Council (SPC) Dooley’s Week Co-Chair and College junior Genevieve Roth won the election for SPC President with 78 percent of votes (2,543), with 22 percent voting no confidence.Roth ran unopposed.“It is an honor to be selected as the [SPC] President,” Roth said. “I have loved watching the organization grow over the past three years, and I cannot wait to bring SPC to the next level.”College sophomore Kyle Adams won the election for Resident Hall Advisor (RHA) President with 81percent of votes (2,118). Adams also ran unopposed.College freshman Gurbani Singh and Oxford College sophomore Justin S ia were elected SGARepresentatives-At-Large with 2,082 and 2,127 votes, respectively.College junior Connor Crum was elected University Senator with 42 percent of the vote (1,179), defeatingCollege juniors Nowmee Shehab and Rui Huang.The election period this year started on Friday, Feb. 27 at 8 p.m. and ended at 8 p.m. on Monday, March2.Check out our full list of winners for races in all divisions here.Correction on 2/3 at 11:54 a.m. Connor Crum is a college junior, not a sophomore.