Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons.The following was written by Robin Forman, Dean of Emory College of Arts and Sciences and Asa Griggs Candler Professor of Mathematics, in response to "Closing the Center for Science Education is a Huge Mistake."Many students have spoken of the value they received from their engagement with the Center forScience Education; I've heard such testimonials since my arrival at Emory over five years ago. While the closure of the Center for Science Education at the end of this year may seem sudden to some, it has been in process for more than three years. It was not a quick decision nor an easy one to make as the College works to make the best use of its available resources.However, I want to assure students and the Emory community that many of the services provided byprograms housed in the CSE will continue in renewed forms, including HUES, GLUE and SURE.This reorganization has allowed the College to more effectively integrate the services previously provided by the CSE into our academic mission, expand their reach, and focus our science educationefforts on Emory students and Emory classrooms. These changes will help ensure that such programs will be sustainable for the long-term benefit of our students.As part of this restructuring, an academic deanship was established for former CSE director PatMartsteller and several CSE activities were moved into Emory College's Offices of UndergraduateEducation (OUE) and Research Funding Support (ORFS). Dr. Marsteller will in fact carry on a critical role of the CSE by using her expertise to find and obtain external funding for the College and its faculty to help support undergraduate research, especially for students who have traditionally beenunderrepresented in the sciences.The funding for SURE and HUES had been provided by external grants, and the funding agencies has declined to renew that support. The GLUE program has one additional year of external funding. TheCollege is committed to developing and supporting such programs that will continue this specializedsupport to under represented students in the sciences.The SURE program has been integrated into a new, combined Undergraduate Research Program, which includes both SIRE and SURE. With the loss of external funding, the College has dramatically increased its financial support for these programs. The SURE program is now being supported entirely by Emory College funds.Moreover, we are in the midst of strategic planning for undergraduate research with a goal of expanding participation in all fields, especially among underrepresented students. Dr. Marsteller is involved with the new program and the planning process.It is correct that the College is currently not funding research opportunities for students from otheruniversities. The funds we have to allocate are those that we receive from the tuition of our students, and it is my responsibility to shepherd those funds appropriately. At a time when we have to do more to increase opportunities for Emory students, I cannot justify allocating substantial Emory tuition money tonon-Emory students. We recognize, though, that there is a value to engaging a larger student population,so we will continue to seek external financial support for a broader program from other funding agencies.The HUES program also has greatly benefited many of our students. However, after many years ofsupport, the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) declined to renew its funding of this particularprogram, and no other external funding for the program appears forthcoming. As a result, the HUESprogram in its current form will end.To bridge this gap, I have committed substantial College funding to continue the work begun by HUESand establish a similar program to support underrepresented students interested in STEM fields as they start in ECAS. Just as with HUES, this proposed program will include a pre-orientation academicadvising event/retreat, and support for students in the program, particularly in their first year, with an emphasis on study skills, self-reflection and evaluation, and long-term planning for academic goals.The Office of Undergraduate Education is working to have the program to replace HUES in place this coming summer. We are also at work on increasing other programming, especially academic advising,for students who may benefit from such focused support in order to achieve their full potential at Emory. I look forward to working with students in the new year to develop the best programs possible.