Keith Allison/FlickrThis trade deadline was a good one. We have profiled what we thought were some of the more important things that happened. Here’s our analysis:Miami acquired guard Goran Dragic and guard Zoran Dragic from Phoenix for center Justin Hamilton,forward Danny Granger and first-round draft picks in 2017 and 2021.Nathan Janick: Miami became an Eastern contender for 24 hours with this trade before Chris Bosh wassideline with blood clots in his lungs. Gorgan is a top-10 point guard in this league and adds much needed scoring to the point guard position in Miami. Mario Chalmers and Norris Cole weren’t cutting it inMiami.Jacob Durst: You have to feel like nothing has gone right for the Heat since LeBron James left over thesummer. Wade is a shell of what he was.All they have is Hassan Whiteside and the Dragic’s now. Their contender hopes were smashed onceBosh went out for the season, which is compounded by the fact that Josh McRoberts won’t see the floor for the rest of the season.Phoenix wins this trade solely because Zoran was leaving anyway, and the Heat gave up big futurepieces for a contender status that is already gone.Winner: Phoenix SunsMilwaukee traded guard Brandon Knight and guard Kendall Marshall and Los Angeles Lakers’ projected2015 first-round draft pick to Phoenix for guard Tyler Ennis and forward Miles Plumlee and acquired guard Michael Carter-Williams from Philadelphia for the Lakers’ projected 2015 first-round draft pick.NJ: The Sixers got another first round pick. Before long they might have every other pick in the upcoming drafts. Carter-Williams, who is one of the most overrated young prospects in this league, went to the Bucks who gave up Brandon Knight, who is a very underrated young player.JD: The Sixers played this perfect. They spent two years artificially inflating Carter-Williams’ value as abelow-average point guard by playing him tons of minutes and giving good counting stats.Then they sold him off for by far the most valuable thing to change hands this deadline, the Lakers’projected pick.It’s projected top five this year, top three next year and then not at all in 2017. Theoretically, the Sixersmight have just traded a rotation player on a good team for the number one overall pick. Not bad.Winner: Philadelphia 76ersIn three-team trade, the Thunder acquired Enes Kanter and Steve Novak from the jazz for KendrickPerkins, Grant Jerrett and two draft picks (one from the Pistons); Oklahoma City also received D.J.Augustin and Kyle Singler from Detroit for Reggie Jackson.NJ: The Thunder traded Jackson for one year of Kevin Martin … no wait, the Thunder made a deal that helps them now. Perkins is very far past his prime and might not start on some intramural teams atEmory. Jackson was begging for a trade, so this is an addition by subtraction.So what did the Thunder get in return?A more than competent young big man who will help the thunder become an even more appealing pick to win the West.JD: I really like this Thunder trade. They got rid of the walking moving screen, Perkins and a couple of other non-factors for a ton of depth.Novak is the shooter they actually need, while Kanter is already a huge upgrade over Perkins. LosingJackson hurts, but Augustin is a solid player, and the up grade in depth more than makes up for his loss.Winner: Oklahoma City ThunderBrooklyn sent Kevin Garnett to Minnesota for Thaddeus Young.NJ: This is a feel good story that benefits both teams but literally has zero impact on the league.JD: This trade does nothing for anybody besides Garnett’s homecoming.Winner: Kevin GarnettThe Trail Blazers acquired Arron Afflalo and Alonzo Gee from the Nuggets in exchange for Will Barton,Victor Claver, Thomas Robinson and a lottery-projected 2016 first round draft pick.NJ: The Nuggets are like Circuit City right before they went under. Every player is on wholesale, and the Blazers cashed in on an experienced two guard who can help them make a run deep into the playoffs.JD: Other than the Sixers’ deal for the Lakers’ pick, I like this deal the most. The Trail Blazers got a player who is already the best player on their bench.It wasn’t too long ago that he was heralded and the next two-way All Star two guard. He’s not that player,but he is a good player that greatly improves their bench. He’s going to be important come playoff time.Winner: Portland Trail Blazers​​