Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative CommonsOn April 8, at 4:03 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a call from a McTyeire Hall residentregarding a suspicious phone call from an individual posing as an IRS agent. The agent asked the student for $1,809. The student became suspicious and told the agent that she knew the phone call was a scam. After ending the call, the student called the police.On April 8, at 9:00 p.m., an Emory student called EPD regarding tainted food. The student said she ordered Chipotle from a web site called crunchbutton.com. The food took three hours to arrive, according to the student. She had texted the driver earlier in the evening when the food still hadn’t arrived. Afterreceiving the food, the driver texted the student that he spit in the food. The case is under investigation.On April 9, between 11:00 p.m. and 11:32 p.m., a female student was heading to Cox Hall when a male subject approached her and asked her where she was going. He continued to ask questions until the student became uncomfortable and called the police. Officers met with the individual and determined the individual was not affiliated with Emory. Police asked the individual to leave campus.On April 10, between 3:00 p.m. and 4:15 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft of a YamahaMotorcycle. An individual posted their motor cycle on Craigslist and scheduled a test drive with a potential buyer on Emory’s campus. The potential buyer never came back after test-driving the vehicle. The sellernotified EPD of the theft.On April 12, at 12:09 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age student under the influence of alcohol at Dobbs Hall. The individual had fallen and struck her head in the process of consuming alcohol.The student had been drinking earlier that evening at the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity house. Theemergency dispatch service American Medical Response arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital. Campus Life was notified.— Compiled by Asst. Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr