Senior pitcher and captain Connor Dillman winds up to throw a pitch. Dillman and the Eagles defeatedCovenant College (Ga.) 10-0 this past Tuesday. The Eagles were scheduled to play Millsaps College(Miss.) today, but due to weather, the game was cancelled. | Mark Spicer/StaffOn Tuesday, the Emory baseball team traveled to Lookout Mountain (Ga.) and handedly defeated the Covenant College (Ga.) Scots, 10-0.Senior outfielder and captain Wes Peacock led the Eagles with two home runs. Despite getting only four more hits than the Scots, the Eagles took advantage of their opportunities and were able to prevent the Scots from stringing anything altogether.Sophomore lefthander Jackson Weeg started on the mound for the Eagles and put together anotherbrilliant performance, going eight innings, giving up five hits, striking out four and improving his record to9-1. In addition, he lowered his ERA to 1.56 on the season.The Eagles got things started in the top of the second inning with a two-out single from freshman infielderNick Chambers that scored sophomore infielder Philip Maldari.In the fourth, the Eagles added four more runs. A RBI single from Chambers, followed by a ground out by sophomore catcher Chris Young, scored senior infielder Jordan Selbach. Peacock then hit a two-runhome run to left, increasing the Eagles’ lead to five.“[Chambers] is starting to find his way at shortstop,” Assistant Coach Connor McGuiness said.Chambers, who recorded two hits and two RBIs on Tuesday, has played well recently, both in the field and at the plate, McGuiness said.“He’s improved so much over the season and I think it’s fun for guys to see a comfortable kid out there,”McGuiness added.The Eagles added two more in the fifth with RBI singles from Maldari and sophomore outfielder WilsonMorgan.In the top of the eighth, with Young on first, Peacock went deep again to give the Eagles a 9-0 lead.“I’ve been seeing the ball pretty well lately,” Peacock said. “I was just trying to get a good pitch to hit andswing hard, and fortunately I got two good pitches to hit and took two good swings.”Peacock led the way in batting with his two two-run home runs and four more runs with major contributions from Maldari, who had two hits and three runs scored, and Selbach, who had two hits and an RBI.“Our hitters kept it simple. They were finding good pitches and putting their barrels to them,” McGuinnessaid. “Peacock had a monster game for us, and to see his offensive power like this means he’s definitelya guy that teams have to be careful of. We, of course, love it.”As the season winds down, with five games left in the next 10 days, McGuiness stressed that the team will keep things the same as they have all season.“Everyone knows it’s the last stretch, but our guys know to take it one game at a time,” he said. “Theonly thing on their mind is the next game.”The Eagles were scheduled to take on Millsaps College (Miss.), at Birmingham-Southern College (Ala.),however, the game was cancelled due to the inclement weather forecast. The game will not berescheduled.Emory is off this weekend, and will return to action on Tuesday, April 21, when they will travel toLaGrange, Georgia to take on the La Grange College Panthers.“Our team as a whole is just trying to hit the ball hard and put pressure on the defense,” Peacock added.“We have to stay selective and make sure we get out pitch. When we hit the ball hard and get on base,we get energy on the bench that gives us momentum to create rallies and win.”