Over the summer, Senior Vice President and Dean of Campus Life Ajay Nair determined 10 areas of focus and improvement for Campus Life for the up coming school year.The goals focus on the Barkley Forum Center, new student spaces, international student life, the EmoryEntrepreneurship Ecosystem (E3), Greek life, dining changes, sexual violence prevention, new seniorleaders, cultural change and overall strategic planning. The goals were crafted in collaboration with student leaders over the summer.Each goal has a specific time line defined through student-led initiatives, Nair wrote in an email to theWheel.Barkley Forum CenterThe Barkley Forum Center for Debate Education is Emory's central debate and oratory institution. One ofNair's goals is to expand the organization's role in developing students as leaders in their community by strengthening their abilities to create arguments and engage their community on important issues."We will have campus dialogues centered around campus issues to train student leaders to make effective arguments," Nair wrote.New Student Spaces In addition to recent changes such as the creation of the Centro Latino in the Dobbs University Center(DUC) and the Atwood Chemistry Center building renovations, Campus Life will focus on expanding the number of student spaces for events and student-led gatherings on campus this school year. One of these additions is an open pavilion that will replace the former Black Student Alliance house and will be used for various events, according to Nair and a Sept. 15 Wheel article."I hope that this will be a space that feels 'off campus' that students would find attractive and a great social venue." Nair said.Construction on the pavilion is set to begin in the spring and will likely be completed before next fallsemester. In addition to the pavilion, Campus Life is discussing plans for the new Campus Life Center(CLC).The new construction is currently in the design phase and supervisors hope to break ground in 2017,according to Nair.The CLC will replace the current DUC and will expand dining and student organization space to accommodate more students.International Student Life The Office of International Student Life (OISL) plans to work with Campus Life to merge Emory'sdomestic and international student populations into one unified community. A newly launched volunteerprogram will pair international and domestic students to initiate cultural discussion and strengthenconversational skills."We want to encourage the OISL to work with other departments to engage [the] international studentcommunity," Nair said.Emory Entrepreneurship Ecosystem (E3)Nair and Campus Life hope to foster a spirit of entrepreneurship and creative thinking among Emorystudents. The first step in this process was the establishment of entrepreneurship as the theme of Raoul Hall last year. The other components of this initiative are the promotion of the E3 Living Lab and MBAmentorship program.The E3 Living Lab is a student living space in Few Hall where like-minded student entrepreneurs can come together to discuss their plans and network to put their plans into action."We hope to create an ongoing series every semester that brings in faculty, alumni and graduate students with entrepreneurial experience who can serve as mentors for students," Associate Vice President of Finance, Administration, and Operations of Campus Life Eric By master said in an Feb.24Emory Report.The MBA mentorship program serves as a means for current Goizueta Business School students to connect with alumni and form a protégé- mentor relationship. Mentors work with protégés to develop their professional skills and profile for the job market. Mentors and protégés meet throughout the year in addition to attending events and meeting professors, alumni and other students.Greek Life Task Force One of the core areas of change is Emory's Greek life system. The goals call for a mobilization of a"Greek Task Force" which will help better integrate both the Greek and non-Greek communities atEmory, according to Nair."Greek life is an important component of Campus Life — not separate from or incidental from it," Nairwrote. "Ultimately, the community, particularly students, will drive the recommendations and future ofEmory Greek life."The task force will be a collaboration between Ducemus, a secret society at Emory, and Campus Life,according to a Sept. 15 Wheel article.With many of the recent changes to Greek life at Emory that occurred last year such as Chi Phi and Kappa Alpha fraternities being suspended, some students are apprehensive about what impact the task force might have."While I do appreciate the incentive to integrate Greek life with the larger Emory community, I am hesitant regarding the execution and guidance of this task force," College senior and Zeta Beta Taubrother Fuad Haddad said. "I only hope that this task force is not another means of the University to impose policy but actually a representative effort of Greek life members to connect and break the "Rowbubble" we have all known too well. "The task force will be largely student-led and student groups will handle any cases."We empower students to own it and take responsibility for their actions," Nair said. "Studentaccountability and self governance is the future of Greek life at Emory."Dining ImprovementsThough Bon Appétit may have come on board as the new campus food provider, more changes will be made to Emory's dining system."Bon Appétit is a company that listens very carefully to student needs," Nair said. "Students need change over time and I think we'll see responses to that. If students are eating in these spaces every day, we'vegot to keep it fresh."Bon Appétit and Emory dining services are actively working to get student in put on dining options that reflect the interests of Emory's diverse student body."Quality and diversity of flavors is what I'm most excited about," Nair said.Sexual Violence PreventionSexual assault and violence awareness programs are a big part of Emory's social activism focuses,according to Nair. In addition to a mandatory freshman online module about inter personal violence and sexual assault prevention, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in conjunction withEmory students and faculty recently conducted a survey on campus awareness of sexual assault. Thesurvey data is meant to give researchers and administrators a means to gauge the Emory community'sknowledge of sexual assault and how to best support survivors. CDC researchers, students and faculty are currently analyzing the data collected and a recommendation will be issued soon."The greatest awareness will come from the analysis of the survey," Nair said. "From there, we can get a better picture of where we need to improve and where to go from there."New Senior LeadersCampus Life recently hired several new senior administrators who will engage the student body and work with them to carry out many of the initiatives the 10 goals call for: Suzanne Onorato as Assistant Vice President of Community, Michael Vienna as Director of Athletics and Recreation and Wanda Collinsas Assistant Vice President of Counseling and Psychological Services."It's a great time to be in Campus Life because we've been able to bring in some nationally recognizedleaders." Nair said. "The folks that we're recruiting are the best in their field and they want to be atEmory."The change to the Campus Life staff is also part of a movement for increased student involvement in this department of Emory administration."There's going to be a huge culture change," Nair said. "Students are going to be part of the decision making process and there will be more transparency."Culture ChangesThe central focus toward exploring the many cultures present at Emory is connectivity. Rather than simply recognizing the differences between the many cultural groups that students represent, this goal seeks to explore the implications of these differences and how students can learn more about each other through communication."It's not enough to say we have diversity. What do we do with that diversity?" Nair said. "It's more about offering conversations about issues and equipping students to engage effectively with others. That's thenotional of cultural humility: to engage and self critique and think about who you are."Strategic PlanningAll of these goals feed into a core vision that Nair hopes will shape the future of Emory. This vision is founded on six principles: flourishing, critical inquiry, cultural humility, courageous inquiry, social justice and professional excellence.