Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On March 20 at 8:00 p.m., Emory Police Deparment (EPD) received a call from a student regarding abike theft that occurred in front of the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC). The student said he locked the bike in front of the SAAC on March 18 at 7:00 p.m. The bike had been secured using anOnGuard lock, but the perpetrator broke the lock in the process of stealing the bike. The black GenesisSaber mountain bike is valued at $230. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 21 at 8:36 p.m., a student notified EPD of a laptop theft at 12 Eagle Row. An unknown took the laptop, which is valued at $1700, from the Alpha Tau Omega Fraternity house. A resident of the house said that he left his laptop in a backpack in the main room of the house on March 20 at 6:00 p.m.,but when he came back for it on March 21 at 4:00 p.m., the laptop was missing. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 22 at 12:06 a.m., officers patrolling Eagle Row noticed loud music coming from the Beta Theta Pi Fraternity house at 15 Eagle Row. Officers met with members of the house and the chapterpresident. The president said that he was responsible for the gathering and that he would turn down themusic. Information was turned over to campus life.• On March 22 at 1:08 a.m., officers were on regular patrol when they identified two individuals holding what appeared to be cans of beer on Eagle Row. The officers stopped the individuals before they were able to enter a vehicle. The individuals said that they were unaware of the fact that it was illegal to possess open containers of alcohol. The individuals disposed of the alcohol at the officers’ request.• On March 22 at 12:16 a.m., EPD received a false call for medical attention from an individual at 6 EagleRow. The individual, who called from Sigma Chi Fraternity, called 911 claiming to be injured and in need of medical attention. When officers arrived on the scene, they met with individual and he said that he was not injured and didn’t need medical attention. The individual appeared to have been drinking and smelled of alcohol. The case was turned over to an investigator.— Compiled by Assistant Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr