This story has been updated to reflect new information.An Oxford College student was arrested on Sunday afternoon, Oct. 11, after threatening to carry out amass shooting on Emory's Oxford campus in a post on the social media smartphone application YikYak.Emory Police Department (EDP) arrested Oxford College sophomore Emily Sakamoto, 21, at her on campus residence after she confessed to the charge of terroristic threats."I'm shooting up the school," Sakamoto posted. "Tomorrow. Stay in your rooms. The ones on the quad are the ones who will go first."A student alerted campus police after reading the Yik Yak post, according to an all-Oxford email sentfrom Stephen Bowen, the dean and CEO of Oxford College, the day of Sakamoto's arrest."Late last night a message on social media said the writer intended indiscriminate acts of violence toward persons on the Oxford College campus," Bowen wrote. "The message was on (Yik Yak) only a few minutes but several Oxford students saw it and one of them called 911."Police responded to the 911 call at approximately 12:30 a.m. and Sakamoto was arrested just before 4p.m., according to the police report. However, Bowen's email was not sent to the Oxford community until approximately 8:30 p.m.Suzanne Onorato, Assistant Vice President of Community, sent an email to Emory students on Oct. 16that covered safety precautions and available mental health services at Emory.Sakamoto told police that she intended for her threat to be a joke and did not expect that the post would violate any laws, 11Alive reported. She was held in Newton County Jail until she posted bail Mondaynight, which was held at $1,500.The Wheel was unable to reach Sakamoto for comment.Some students were not satisfied with the administration's response. "During this time students had no idea if it was okay for them to leave their rooms, go get food, use the bathroom," Oxford Collegesophomore Emmaleigh Calhoun said. "No one knew what was happening."Calhoun acknowledged that the EPD did its job, but expressed concern over the University's lack of communication with the community."As I understand it, students outside of Oxford College have received no information regarding what occurred yesterday, which is almost as ridiculous as Oxford students going over 18 hours withoutinformation," she said.There was no lock down or warning from the administration during these hours, according to Oxfordsophomore Thomas Lampeter. The administration "showed a lack of responsiveness and leadership,"he said.The statement from Emory University reads, "Emory University is committed to providing a safe environment for all community members and will take swift and appropriate action to maintain the security of the campus community."Executive Digital Editor Stephen Fowler and Managing Editor Zak Hudak contributed reporting.