Photo by Luke White On Monday night, for its second meeting, the 49th Legislature of the Emory Student Government Association (SGA) wrapped up discussions about supplying free rape kits at the Emory University Hospital and suggested changes for the Robert W. Woodruff Library but did not introduce any bills because the session did not have quorum.There was a lack of attendance at Monday’s meeting despite a recent bill that SGA passed to toughen itsattendance policy.“The idea behind this bill is to take a stab at solving the attendance problems that we’ve had all of thissession,” College senior and SGA College-wide Representative Aaron Tucek, who submitted the bill,said in a March 31 article in the Wheel. “Very consistently, we’ve had to use proxies just to meetquorum, and this has been a big problem for the Legislature. This bill … seeks to take very drasticaction.”College sophomore and Speaker of the Legislature Crystal McBrown began Monday’s meeting by reviewing each speaker’s jobs. She and Vice President Max Zoberman stressed the importance of choosing committees for members to join at the next meeting.Zoberman updated the group on his plan to supply free rape kits at the Emory Hospital, which he proposed at the last meeting. He said that he was still in talks with the Emory Healthcare Network and that he hopes the rape kits will be available as early as next fall.Additionally, College junior and SGA President Raj Tilwa stressed the importance of raising awarenessfor sexual assault by encouraging members to wear denim on Wednesday for the Respect Program’sand Intimate Partner Violence Working Group’s Denim Day. The SGA will donate $1 to the Respectprogram for every photo taken and shared on social media.For the remainder of the meeting, University Librarian Yolanda Cooper, a guest speaker, proposedchanges to the Robert W. Woodruff Library to improve the student atmosphere and comfort level. Shevoiced her willingness to work with students in the multi-year process of implementing these changes.“I don’t think we’re getting the right input,” Cooper said. “I tried to put together a student advisory group in previous years, but we need one now because I want to re-utilize some library space, and I can’t do that without student input.”As for other concerns related to the library, graduate representatives said they would like WoodruffLibrary’s hours extended and for the library to offer free printing. Cooper noted the concerns but said she would respond to these requests at a later time.After the discussion with Cooper, second year School of Law student Suyash Raiborde introducedhimself as the new law school representative.—By Anwesha Guha