Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On March 24 at 3:03 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a narcoticsviolation at Dobbs Hall. According to the Resident Advisor (RA) at the scene, there was a strong odor ofmarijuana coming from a resident’s room. The resident gave officers permission to search the room.Officers discovered a glass pipe with marijuana residue in it. Officers confiscated the pipe and notifiedCampus Life.• On March 25 at 11:00a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Oxford Road BuildingStarbucks. A Georgia Institute of Technology student left her belongings at a table so that she could place an order. A male individual took the student’s laptop while she was placing the order. The individual took off running towards the CVS in Emory Village. A witness chased the thief but lost sight of the individual in the vicinity of North Decatur Road and Oxford Road. When officers arrived at the scene,they were unable to locate the individual. The case is currently under investigation.• On March 25 at 2:40 p.m., EPD received a call regarding a suspicious phone call that a studentreceived. According to the student, an individual posing as an IRS agent told her that she had to pay a$700 bill. The student became weary of the situation and called EPD. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 27 at 1:10 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Turman Hall. The student had been drinking and in the process, she ended up with a laceration on the back of her head. When Emergency Medical Services arrived at the scene they met with the student, who refused transportation to the hospital. The student was allowed to stay in her room.Campus Life was notified.• On March 27 at 6:49 a.m., an individual called EPD saying that there were two large raccoons in herdriveway. The caller said she couldn’t leave her house because she is afraid of raccoons. Officersresponded to the residence on Gatewood Drive but was unable to locate the animals.— Compiled by Assistant Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr