So it's Saturday, it's late and you are hungry. You've already plowed through your personal supply of Easy Mac, your roommate's snacks are just insufficient and the DUC closed at 10 p.m. What are you going to do?Thankfully, Emory understands this urgent problem and has a few pretty great remedies. Whether you want a pile of fries or just some fruit to munch on, here are a bunch of the best late-night bites.On CampusDooley's Den at the Depot RestaurantHours: Mon-Fri, 11 a.m. – 2 a.m. | Sat-Sun, 10 a.m. – 2 a.m.Dooley's Den, formerly Zaya, is a great place to go when you're hungry late at night. Their menu has a huge variety of items with a slight Mediterranean twist ranging from The Depot Cheesy Cheeseburger to a Greek salad. Dooley's Den also has a few grab-n-go options like fruit cups and turkey sandwichesright by the register if you don't feel like waiting. The Korean Chicken Wings are a favorite among manystudents: "They're so great and flavorful, but most things on the menu are terrific," College freshmanSophie Siegel said.Eagle Convenience and SubsEagle Convenience Hours: Mon-Fri, 8 a.m. – 12 a.m. | Sat-Sun, 11 a.m. – 12 a.m.Eagle Subs Hours: Mon-Fri, 11 a.m. – 12 a.m. | Sat-Sun, 11 a.m. – 12 a.m.Eagle Convenience in the DUC has tons of snack options for the late-night muncher. It has a great variety of ice creams, candies, crackers, cereals and a bunch of other bites to eat either at a few tables they have or to bring back to your dorm. Eagle Subs, which is inside the store, sells guilty pleasure substo satisfy a craving for something savory. Though they are known for their sandwiches, "their browniesare really tasty and fresh and they have a good crunch to them," College freshman Julia Ditkoff said. Theonly setbacks are that some of the items are a bit pricey and it closes at a relatively early 12 a.m.compared to Dooley's Den, so watch the time if you're looking to go.The WReC Room at Woodruff Residential CenterHours: Sun-Thurs, 6 p.m. – 1 a.mIf you live in Woodruff and don't want to leave your dorm to get a snack, the WReC Room is a must. Themenu is perfectly catered for a late-night snack, with cookies, brownies, all-day breakfast, chickenfingers, pizza, fries and sandwiches. For those who don't live in Woodruff or haven't been, the WReCRoom is definitely worth a visit.Peet's Coffee & TeaHours: Mon-Thurs, 7 a.m. – 1 a.m. | Fri, 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. | Sat, 11 a.m. – 10 p.m. | Sun, 1 p.m. – 1 a.m.Peet's provides a perfect study break for those spending late nights at the library. They serve highquality coffee as well as baked goods, chips and juices. Open later than a bunch of other places, it's a great option if you're hungry but don't want to leave your coveted study spot.Emory VillageSlice & PintHours: Mon, 11:30 a.m. – 10 p.m. | Tues-Sat, 11:30 a.m. – 12 a.m. | Sun, 12 p.m. – 10 p.m.Slice & Pint, located in the heart of Emory Village, has great late-night, hearty, Italian food. It's more for ifyou're looking to get something substantial rather than a smaller late-night snack. An item on their menu that stands out particularly is their "heavenly" fried mozzarella balls, which was "fresh, crispy on theoutside, but chewy on the inside," Siegel said . What's best is they have a bigger menu than some of theon-campus options, so diners are less limited in their choices.Bad Dog TaqueriaHours: Mon, 11:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. | Tues – Thurs, 11:30am – 11 p.m. | Fri, 11:30 a.m. – 12:30 a.m. | Sat,10 a.m. – 12:30 a.m. | Sun, 10 a.m. – 11 p.m.Bad Dog Taqueria is a good option for those looking to have Mexican food at night. Bad Dog has smalleroptions like chips and gu ac or yucca fries for those looking for something light, and more substantial foods like their Go Fish! Tacos and burritos and burgers.Romeo's New York PizzaHours: Mon – Thurs, 11:30 a.m. – 10 p.m. | Fri-Sat, 11:30 a.m. – 11 p.m. | Sun, 11 a.m. – 10 p.m.Everyone's craved a big, greasy slice of pizza at night at some point. Thankfully, Romeo's fits the bill.Their pizza is just big enough and loaded with flavor. Romeo's has other options on the menu like pennepasta, mozzarella sticks and caesar salad if you're not looking for a slice. It's easy to get to, as it's rightacross from the Starbucks, and the seating is super comfortable, making it an ideal pick for an after-darkmunchie.