Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons* On Oct. 2 at 7:24 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a stolen laptop at the Goizueta BusinessSchool. An individual left their Macbook on a bench in the building at 5PM, and when the individualreturned, the laptop was missing. The laptop is worth $2000. The case has been turned over to aninvestigator.* On Oct. 3 at 3:12 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Dobbs residence hall. While EMS was dealing with the individual, another intoxicated individual at the location needed medical attention as well. Both individuals were transported to Emory UniversityHospital. Campus Life was notified.* On Oct. 3 at 12:31 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft on the fourth level of Starvineparking deck. A men's North Face and some change was taken from a 1999 Chevrolet Prizm that was parked there overnight. A Nissan Xterra was also broken into a round the same time that evening. Aguitar and its case were removed from the vehicle. The case was found outside the parking deck but the guitar is still missing. The case has been turned over to an investigator.* On Oct. 3 at 2:32 p.m., EPD responded with DeKalb Fire & Rescue to a fire in Clairmont Tower. Anoven caught on fire in the kitchen at the location. The fire was extinguished and there was no damage to the building other than the oven.* On Oct. 3 at 8:19 p.m., EPD responded to an animal complaint on Clairmont campus. A student calledEPD in regard to a pet sugar glider that was let loose in the residential apartment. EPD dealt with a similar complaint regarding the sugar glider last week. The Resident Advisor at the location is in the process of removing the room mate for alternate housing due to the continuing issue.* On Oct. 3 at 11:03 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an underageindividual under the influence of alcohol in front of Longstreet-Means residence hall. When officers arrived on the scene, they found the individual unconscious on a bench. Emergency Medical Services(EMS) arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital. Campus lifewas notified.— Compiled by Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr