Sophomore first baseman and outfielder Taylor Forte leaves the bag. Forte and the Eagles won their home doubleheader against Georgia Highlands College. The team also honored their graduating seniors in a ceremony before the game. | Hagar Elsayed/Photo EditorThe Emory soft ball team won both games of their home double-header exhibition against the GeorgiaHighlands College Chargers this past Saturday, winning the first game 3-2, and the second 8-0. Thegames took place on the team’s Senior Day.Junior catcher Melody Carter, freshman designated hitter Gracie Taber and senior infielder BriannaBerceau scored the team’s three points in the first game. Both teams played extremely strong defense with Emory scoring the first run of the game in the fifth inning.“The pitcher on the Highland team was really good,” junior center fielder Alyssa Pollard said. “One of the better pitchers we’ve faced all year. She made it really hard for us to get anything going but we made some good adjustments and we were able to step up.The Eagles were down 1-2 until the bottom of the eighth, with freshman right fielder Raygan Greer hittinga two-run RBI to bring the score to 3-2, where it would remain.The second game showed off the Eagles’ offensive power, as Emory won the game 8-0.Pollard scored two runs along with Greer, while sophomore left fielder Taylor Forte, freshman cornerbaseman Ashley Powers, senior catcher Micah Scharff and Berceau each scored one run apiece.The Eagles started the game strong with a three-run second inning. The Chargers softened defensively,walking Powers and Greer, both of whom were able to reach second and third on a passed ball. Pollardhit a two-run RBI double to bring them home, scoring the first two runs of the game. Forte hit a one-runRBI double to bring Pollard home, ending the inning 3-0.The game continued without any runs scored until the bottom of the sixth, when the Eagles scored fiveruns to finish the game. With the Chargers faltering defensively, it allowed Emory to get the basesloaded. Georgia Highlands gave up a run through an error, two wild pitches and two walks, which allowed the Eagles a strong inning.Forte singled to centerfield, bringing Berceau home. Scharff then hit a single RBI, bringing the score to 60. Carter flied out to left field, but was able to bring two runs home bringing the score to its final 8-0 finish.With Emory’s strong season coming to a close, the soft ball team acknowledged its graduating seniors with a ceremony before the game. Berceau and Scharff were honored for not only their performance during their time at Emory, but also their excellent attitudes on and off the field.“It was really nice to win our games during senior day,” Forte said. “It was a nice way to thank them for all the work they’ve done, to show the team being great.”Emory will return to action on Wednesday, April 15, when the Eagles will host the Shorter University(Ga.) Hawks in a doubleheader.