The clock's ticking. We've got two semesters left in our undergraduate college careers, and there's still so much we haven't taken advantage of. For some, there are Braves games, the Georgia Aquarium,Music Midtown and so much more left to do and see in the Atlanta area — but what haven't you done here on campus? Before we graduate and move on to become real adults with real careers, here is a list of 10 things that chronicle some of the many Emory-specific activities that any true Emory student has to do before he or she crosses that stage in May.10. Trick-or-Treating at the Lullwater HouseLullwater House, where University President James W. Wagner resides. Photo by Luyao Zou.Remember that terrible neighbor that always gave you Sun-Maid raisins for Halloween? Fear not. ThisHalloween, make your way down to President J. Wag's gingerbread castle in Lullwater for the really goodtreats. Word on the street is that he gives out full-sized candy bars. It's probably one of the only opportunities you'll have to see the inside of the house. All the money spent building the place apparentlydidn't leave room in the budget for streetlamps, so expect a spooky walk. Don't worry, though — the a cappella groups singing at his house during the night will guide your way.9. Make a MandalaThe mandala is a sacred art form and is created by Buddhist monks in which they shave individualgrains of colored sand. The Tibetan Buddhist monks studying here as part of the Emory-TibetPartnership start this process at the beginning of Tibet Week, normally hosted in March, and extinguish the creation during the final ceremony to show nothing is permanent ( just like your college career). Aseparate mandala is created to encourage student participation. Now is your final chance to learn about your fellow students' traditions and gain insight into a part of the Tibetan Buddhist culture.8. Write Dooley PoetryStudents may come and students may go — out of class, if Dooley allows it. The only way to win thisskeleton's heart is to write him some sweet, tender poetry. If you have not experienced the joy that is dropping the mic and swaggering out of your White Hall 201 class, put on your Shakespeare hat and fire your limericks away before it is too late. Plus, he generally hangs out for a bit afterwards so you can finally get your photo taken with him.7. Swim in the Medical School FountainYou look at it every day on your walk to Clifton for your Biology class. The water looks crystal clear,cascading down the steps. You think to yourself: "I could probably take some awesome "Friends"themed pictures for my Instagram in there." Yeah, you could, if you go ahead and hop right in.6. Go to Maggie'sFor the 21-year-old and over crowd, there's no place better to spend money on overpriced alcohol thanEmory's favorite dive bar, nearby Maggie's Neighborhood Bar & Grill. Since 1994 when an Emorystudent became a bar tender and invited all of his friends, Maggie's has grown into an Emory staple.Located conveniently just far enough away from campus to require an Uber, check out the location inToco Hills for a one of a kind experience you'll hopefully remember.5. Be on a First-Name Basis With Pasta John"Pasta John" resides in his humble abode at Cox Dining Hall. Apart from cooking delicious pasta dishes,he has spent over 15 years working at Emory and always offers a smile, advice or good food. He built such a great reputation among students that he was asked to man his own restaurant in Cox in fall 2014.4. Sleepover Party at Woodruff LibraryRobert W. Woodruff Library. Photo by Jason Oh.Who hasn't spent a long night at club libs? Whether it is up coming tests, long essays, finals week or a free weekend with friends, why not spend a full night with all your bedding, pillows and blankets atWoodruff? Study lounges could become pillow forts. That weirdly quiet Matheson Reading Room could become a hide-and-seek battleground. Give a new, positive meaning to the conventional term, "allnighter" — this one could finally be on your own terms, and a lot better than cramming for a chemistryfinal.3. Attend DiwaliHarder to get into than any frat party and with lines longer than Superman at Six Flags, Diwali — hostedby the Indian Cultural Exchange (ICE) — is one of the most coveted events of the year. The "Festival ofLights" earns its title through dance entertainment, ethnic food and an awesome venue, meriting ICE theprogram of the year. Experiencing and sharing in other cultures is why many of you came to a diverseuniversity like Emory, and this is one of the few times a year the entire community comes together to celebrate such a unique experience. You've told yourself for three years now that next year you'll facethe lines, get your ticket and see what Diwali is all about, but this is your last shot.2. Visit Oxford During Spirit WeekThere is no better time to explore Emory's original home in Oxford, Ga., than during Spirit Week. The Student Activities Committee (SAC) showcases a full week of fun activities, such as a field and spiritday, culminating into their spring concert. In previous years, SAC has invited artists such as T-Pain andBig Sean. For interested adventurers, Spirit Week falls during the spring semester, usually around but not coinciding with Dooley's Week. It's not that far away, guys, and you're not truly getting the Emory experience until you've visited both campuses.1. Leave a LegacyPhoto courtesy Flickr Creative Commons.For many of us, whether we like it or not, in nine months' time we will be crossing that stage, transitioningfrom our collegiate to postgraduate lives. Whether it may be the knowledge you have gained, the fruits of your extracurricular activities, the hearts of friends you have touched or even some items on this bucketlist, we challenge the senior class to leave a unique legacy so that we may walk away from this university proud to hail the gold and blue.