Callaway Memorial Center. | Photo by Jason OhEmory University recognized 12 employees with the annual Award of Distinction for their dedication to their work during a March 24 dinner reception with University President James W. Wagner.“The people are … the motivating factor that make it all happen,” said Stacy Heilman, research programdirector at the University’s Department of Pediatrics and Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta as well as one of the awardees. “Nothing I do, I do by myself … We’re here to make a difference.”This year’s pool of 12 recipients — each of whom will received $1,000 — have come from campusdivisions such as the Emory Police, Library & Information Technology Services, Oxford College andCampus Life. For the first time, former awardees were eligible for another award.Emory’s Human Resources (HR) Department selected the a wardees from a large pool of faculty, staffand supervisors who received endorsements from the employees’ division heads, according to the HRwebsite.After all nominations were filed on March 6, HR carefully reviewed each candidate for their eligibility and sent each nomination to the Award Selection Committee members, who the vice president of HRselected. The Committee, which also includes former award recipients, evaluates the nominations andselects 10 to 15 nominees that fit their criteria. The criteria includes employees who have contributed to the themes in Emory’s strategic plan, committed to the public good and advanced multiculturalunderstanding.Like Heilman, other recipients expressed gratitude for their team.“Faculty are the key to any successful program,” said Mollie Korski, senior associate director of Summer Programs for the Emory College of Arts and Sciences and award recipient. Korski has worked at Emory for 30 years and made large contributions to Emory’s Pre-College Program for high schoolstudents.“It’s very rewarding to work collaboratively with academic departments and to build a program with curriculum that utilizes our wonderful faculty,” Korski said.Emory’s HR Department presented each recipient with a crystal plaque, framed certificate and a $1,000award at last month’s reception.Along with Heilman and Korski, Carolyn Aidman, Emory Urban Health Initiative associate director, wasrecognized for her initiation of two transportation projects — the Labor Limo and the CommunitySupplemental Transportation Initiative. The Labor Limo provides affordable transportation means for women in healthy labor, and CTSI is in collaboration with the Rollins School of Public Health, Schools of Medicine and Nursing and local partners.Darrell F. Johnson, an Emory police officer, contributed to the community with his efforts to spread awareness of teen driver safety by implementing “Ghost Out” programs for teens in nearby schools.Stephanie Parisi of the Library & Information Technology Services, led the in tiatives for the five MassiveOpen Online Courses (MOOCs).Other recipients of the Awards of Distinction include Barbara C. Ballisty, executive vice president of academic affairs and provost; Carolyn Bregman, senior director of Alumni Career Services; YokoHammond, assistant director of business and finance of Yerkes National Primate Research Center; SethTepfer, director of administrative technologies for Oxford College’s Information Technology Division; JoelTingle, senior human resources manager for Emory College of Arts & Sciences; Amy Wheeler,associate director and associate editor at the Center for the Study of Law and Religion and DonaYarbrough, special assistant to the provost and director of Emory’s Center for Women.— By Lisa Yu