Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On Feb. 19 between 4:20 p.m. and 4:30 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft on Haygood Drive. A female individual was driving a male individual in her car, when the male took $50 from her purse and jumped out of the car. Neither of the individuals is associated with theUniversity. Officers responded to the scene and located the male individual but were unable to locate themoney. Officers took a statement from the man and told the woman how she could pursue additionalcharges.• On Feb. 19 at 9 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the American Cancer Society WinnDixie Hope Lodge. A 2015 Ford truck’s passenger window was shattered, and bags were removed from the backseat. The owner of the truck did not report the theft because he was late for an appointment.There are no suspects at this time, and the case has been turned over to an investigator.• On Feb. 20 at 10:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a student receiving numerous harassingphone calls. The female student receiving the calls said that she knew the caller. EPD contactedCampus Life to provide additional services to the student. The case was turned over to an investigator.• On Feb. 22 at 12:22 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol inside the Woodruff Memorial Building. The caller became concerned when an individual went in the building to use the rest room and didn’t come out for 15 minutes. When officers arrived on thescene, they found the individual passed out in the restroom. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EMS)and an ambulance arrived and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital.• On Feb. 22 at 4:17 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol. A visitor to the University who was visiting his sister in Harris residence hall, tried to enter the wrong room and was continuously knocking on the door to that room. A resident of the building calledEPD. Officers and Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs) arrived and made sure the individual was not in danger. After determining that the individual did not need transport to the hospital, he was reunited with his sister.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr