Rivalry WeekCollege football Rivalry week, the week that annually brings the best games of the year, occurred this past Saturday. We saw the continuation of historic matchups such as Ohio State University vs.University of Michigan, University of Alabama vs. Auburn University (Ala.), University of Oklahoma vs.Oklahoma State University and so on. However, this week had a lot of let downs.Other than a surprising upset by Texas Christian University of Baylor University (Texas) and a fantasticmatchup between Notre Dame (Ind.) and Stanford (Calif.) , we saw an abnormal amount of blowoutsamong ranked teams. Instead of talking about last week's games in this column, I'm going to discuss the conference championship games bound for this Saturday, and their impact on the playoffs and bowlgames.Big Ten Championship: 5 Michigan State University @ 4 University of Iowa In this matchup, the winner has an almost 100% chance of making the playoffs. Hell, in the rightcircumstances, if Iowa loses a close matchup, they might even stay in the top four. That would only happen if something like Alabama or Clemson (S.C.) lost in their championship games. I don't see Iowawinning this game despite their 12-0 record, as they have very few impressive wins, whereas MichiganState has beaten Ohio State and Michigan, both tough competitors. I am betting on Michigan Statemostly because I really have no idea how good Iowa actually is based on their performance this year.They have not played any one worth mentioning.My Prediction: Michigan State 24 @ Iowa 14SEC Championship: 18 University of Florida @ 2 University of Alabama If the Florida Gators were playing like they had been during the middle of season, this could have been extremely interesting. However, based on their performance last week against an only decent FloridaState team, I don't see them winning. That being said, a miraculous upset by Florida would send theplayoff system into a storm. Who would replace them? Could it be a two loss Stanford team who just had an impressive game against Notre Dame? Or maybe Ohio State after they just dominated Michigan?Another possibility, as I mentioned above, would be that both teams in the Big Ten Championship make it into the playoffs. However, this is all theoretical and mostly likely not going to happen.My Prediction: Florida 10 @ Alabama 31ACC Championship Game: 8 University of North Carolina @ 1 Clemson UniversityThis game could be interesting. After narrowly avoiding an embarrassing loss to an awful South Carolina last week, Clemson looks vulnerable. I can definitely see UNC coming into this game with a chip on their shoulder and taking out the Tigers. I honestly hope that the Tar Heels can take them down. Clemson has let their recent performances go to their head. I can only hope that they'll be knocked out of the playoffswith a loss.My Prediction: UNC 34 @ Clemson 31Now, I hardly believe that the three teams in the top four are all going to win this weekend so here is my prediction on the final four after this week.1. Alabama2. Oklahoma3. Michigan State4. Ohio State Call me crazy for putting Ohio State in there, but after Iowa loses to Michigan State by a large margin,and Clemson shows their true colors, who else is going to take the spot? I can't see the playoffcommittee deciding to place a two loss Stanford team above an Ohio State team that has only lost to another play off team. I think the only other team that could make it would be UNC, which would cause so many problems, including their strength of schedule. However, anything can happen, so be sure to watch the incredible matchups bound to happen this Saturday.