If you frequent the parlor of Dobbs Hall, live in the freshman dorm itself, or walk by it during WonderfulWednesday, you have probably seen a few racks of eclectic colors and enticing fabrics. It is not uncommon to see the rows of clothing guarded by their petite and trendy owners, College sophomoresBrittany Nguyen and Audrey Cheng, ever-present during the sunny bustle of Wonderful Wednesday. Thepair are the co-founders of the small business Misthrifts, a pop-up thrift store that provides Emorystudents easy access to unique curated looks, ranging from brand new pieces to thrifted looks.Photo Courtesy of Misthrifts Facebook PageCheng originally approached Nguyen with this “brainchild,” as Cheng first described the idea of thebusiness, after meeting her while working on Emory’s student fashion magazine publication, (404), and noticed their shared open-mindedness, ambition and passion for beauty. She had hopes of creating easy access to quality styles that most students can’t afford — financially or time-wise.As a sophomore advisor in Dobbs Hall, Nguyen notes that since freshman aren’t allowed to have cars,bringing an affordable retail (indeed, the average piece for sale seldom passes the $20 mark) specificallyfor Emory undergraduates would be a “win-win situation.”Cheng and Nguyen obtain the clothing that is put on sale at blow out sales and thrift stores, where they go hunting on a weekly basis. They then set up a shoot with the models, who are usually friends with the cofounders. This intimate and personable aspect of the endeavor is one of the greatest and most unique parts of Misthrifts.“Most of the models are my personal friends; they’re all beautiful, but with how hectic school,extracurricular activities, and trying to get our lives together, sometimes they forget that or don’t see itthemselves,” Nguyen said. “I love putting them in clothes that make them look and feel good, that’s why we are selling these specific clothes! Personal appearance has this therapeutic quality that I think everyone should invest in.”The social aspect of the business is also vastly appreciated by Cheng, as it keeps her motivation andpassion leveled throughout the ups and downs of running a small business.“My favorite thing about Misthrifts is the love and support I have from all my friends and even strangers,”she said. “It means a lot to me when some one comes up to me and says, ‘Aren’t you the one who is selling thrifted clothing on Wonderful Wednesday?’”Photo Courtesy of Misthrifts Facebook PageThe weekend after the photo shoots, the photos are posted on the company’s Facebook page. “Socialmedia is key,” Nguyen said. “I’m sure everyone on campus is tired of us by now from mass promotion.”Indeed, social media has been one of the key pieces for the business, as well as one of the greatest challenges for the co-founders. Since the business is still in the early stages, social media promotion isheavily relied on for advertising and promotion of the Misthrifts name.It is also one of the most consuming parts of the job, according to Nguyen. “I had to actually turn offnotifications from Facebook and Instagram from the constant bombardment of them because it’s tootempting to be sucked into likes, shared photos, shout outs, etc. and forget about what’s going on outside my phone,” she said.Nguyen also related her experience with Misthrifts to her academic pursuits as an Emory undergraduatestudent.“As of now, I am double majoring in Business and Women’s Gender and Sexuality Studies. I’m reallyinterested in how gender relations play into the context of fashion,” she said. “What makes some retailers and designers successful and others not? Is it an understanding of how consumers want to brandthemselves, or how they’d rather stray away from capitalistic branding by utilizing fashion to their own‘autonomous selves’?”Cheng is utilizing her experience with Misthrifts differently, as means to explore and tail or her interests and passions. “Right now, it’s just an interest that I’m pursuing so I’m just going to roll with it. For me[working in the fashion industry in the future is] going to be a maybe,” she said.Photo Courtesy of Misthrifts Facebook PageMisthrifts has indeed been a particularly unique learning experience for Cheng and Nguyen, in regards to their professional, academic and even social lives. The novelty of the company is enforcing flexibility and“on-the-go” learning style, as Nguyen calls it, skills that will be essential for many future professionalendeavors. Misthrifts is also an opportunity to witness a first-hand account of the role and power of marketing and how consumerism functions are related to specific factors such as age, gender andseason.The ultimate goal of the co-founders is to help students and themselves, and to maximize their experience and fulfillment while at Emory.“We didn’t start Misthrifts as a way of getting bank. We did it because we’re really excited that something like this is even possible,” Nguyen said. “We’re learning something new every day, so to say what we hope to learn is such a vast terrain.”-Caroline Ciric, Contributing Writer