Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On Feb. 22 at 7:20 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a suspicious individual in the vicinity of the Claudia Nance Rollins Building. The complainant believed that the individual might have been sleeping on the first floor of the building. When officers arrived on the scene,they were unable to locate the individual. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On Feb. 22 at 10:46 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a strong scent of marijuana in McTyeireHall. When officers arrived on the scene, they located the room where the scent was coming from. The three male individuals who were at the location allowed officers to search their room. Officers foundmarijuana and Schedule II drugs in small quantities. The drugs appeared to be hydrocodone syrup andXanax pills. The individuals in the room received citations. Information regarding the case was turned over to an investigator.• On Feb. 23 at 1:42 a.m., officers cited an individual for being in possession of marijuana at the WoodruffHealth Sciences Center. Officers were on regular patrol when they noticed an individual who smelled likemarijuana. The officers tried to get his attention but he was wearing headphones and may not have been able to hear the officers. When officers finally confronted the individual, he turned over a pipe and a small quantity of marijuana to the officers. The case was turned over to Campus Life.• On Feb. 24 between 12:45 p.m. and 2:30 p.m., officers responded to a call regarding a theft at RaoulHall. A Macbook Pro valued at $1300 and a laptop case valued at $40 were stolen from a student who lived in the building. The victim said he left his room to go to class and came back to find his laptop gone.There are no signs of forced entry at the location. Information regarding the case has been turned over to an investigator.• Between Feb. 26 at midnight and Feb. 28 at midnight, EPD received a call from a student regarding anunauthorized charge on his Visa card. The charges were made at a Walmart and Home Depot inGainesville, Florida. The individual was in possession of the card when the charges were made. The case is under investigation.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr