Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons* On Sept. 21 at 6:29 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a vehicletheft in the Dooley's Depot parking lot. The complainant claimed he left his vehicle there at 6 p.m., and when he returned, the window was shattered and a backpack was removed from the vehicle. Thebackpack contained a MacBook Pro and some notebooks. The incident has been turned over to aninvestigator.* On Sept. 21 at 10:36 p.m., officers arrived at the Clairmont Residential Center regarding a call about a suspicious individual. The individual, who was most likely in his twenties or thirties and had numeroustattoos, was seen climbing down the fence near the air conditioning unit at Building E on ClairmontCampus. Several officers responded to the scene to look for the individual but were not successful in locating him. The case is under investigation.* On Sept. 22 at 10:30 a.m., EPD responded to a complaint regarding an individual who left a child alone in his car in front of the Goizueta Business School. When officers confronted the individual, he said he left the child inside while getting coffee at Highland Bakery. EPD didn't charge the individual with acitation, as there is no law against leaving children in vehicles in Georgia. The case was turned over to administrative process for further investigation.* On Sept. 24 at 4:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call from Fishburne Parking Deck regarding a suspicious individual. An Emory employee called claiming that some one was sleeping in a vehicle in the parking deck. When officers confronted the individual, he said he was going to leave. The individual left the scene, and no further action was taken.* On Sept. 24 at 9:52 p.m., an unknown male approached an officer saying he found a purse on the sidewalk by Raoul Hall. Officers opened the purse to see who it belonged to and found a fraudulent identification card. The fraudulent card was confiscated, and the purse was returned to the owner.Campus Life was notified.* On Sept. 27 at 10:10 p.m., EPD responded to a call from a Resident Advisor (RA) regarding drugparaphernalia at Woodruff Residential Center. The RA called the police after they noticed a bong in plainsight. Officers discovered some residue in the bong and confiscated it. Campus Life was notified.— Compiled by Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr