The Grand Rapids metropolitan area in western Michigan is the home of two teams that crushed theEmory women's volleyball team's last two chances for the national title. This year, the Eagles are eyeingredemption, hoping to make it to the final four, once again in the snowy town of Grand Rapids.Since last month, the Eagles have been gearing up for a new season. The Eagles defeated a strongBirmingham-Southern (Ala.) squad 3-0 Tuesday.Emory will return to Grand Rapids this Friday and Saturday to play in the Calvin Labor Day WeekendTournament. After facing off against Thomas More College (Ky.) on Friday afternoon, the Eagles will then play preseason No. 1 Calvin College (Mich.).This year, Head Coach Jenny McDowell is working with a particularly young team, consisting of nine freshmen and only two seniors."It is on everybody to make the freshmen feel like they are a part of the team," junior captain SarahMaher said. "Every freshman could have an impact this year."In the final scrimmage before the start of the season, freshmen filled large roles with Karissa Dzurik andBecky Breuer playing the key positions of outside hitter and libero, respectively.Alongside the young talent, several upper classmen leaders are preparing for the new season, includingEmory's top-four blockers and four out of five of the top point scorers. Last year, Senior captain and FirstTeam All-American setter Sydney Miles led the team in sets and was second in total blocks to JessicaHoller — a two-time Second Team All-American middle blocker and junior captain.Along with Miles and Holler, a solid core of juniors are returning, including Sheridan Rice, Kathryn Trinkaand Shannon Nugent. Rice, an outside hitter, was second in digs last season. Trinka, also an outsidehitter, was fourth in attacks, points and kills last year. Middle hitter Nugent was third in blocks on the team last season.McDowell said the road back to the final four will not be an easy one for Emory this year."This is the toughest schedule we have ever had," she said.Two weeks after the Calvin Labor Day Weekend Tournament, Emory will play Calvin at home — where the Eagles were 13-0 last season — as part of the Emory National Invitational. The weekend's roundrobin is set for Sept. 18 and 19 and features preseason top-10 powerhouses Cal Lutheran (Calif.) andClaremont-Mudd-Scripps (Calif.).Emory also faces tough competition in the University Athletic Association (UAA) this year as returningconference champions. Their toughest competition will be against Washington University in St. LouisBears, who were ranked No. 9 in the preseason American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA)Coaches Poll, and the University of Chicago Phoenix, who Emory defeated in the UAA Championshipgame last season.Ranked No. 2 in the preseason poll, the Eagles have high expectations to live up to."It isn't championship or bust for us," McDowell said. "The goal is that we give ourselves a chance to compete for a National Championship."The metaphorical road to redemption is much longer than the 7.3 miles that separate this year'schampionship location, Calvin College, from the De Vos Center, the site of Emory's semi-final defeat byCalv in two years ago. And, this season, that road has no detour around Grand Rapids.