There were a lot of great matchups this week, but none as hilarious and heartbreaking as the Michigan State at University of Michigan game. Meanwhile, the University of Alabama, aka the best team in thecountry, produced another strong showing with a complete man handling of Texas A&M.No. 6 Louisiana State University 35 vs. No. 8 University of Florida 28What's this? Louisiana State running back Leonard Fournette ran for 180 yards and two touchdowns? I'mhonestly surprised that he didn't get to 200 yards again. Florida has a great run defense: they were only allowing 99 yards rushing per game this season, up until this week at least. Fournette told the media after the game that Florida has the best and most physical defense he has played against yet. Against the best defense that he's faced, he's still racking up a 180 yards. This man is a beast, ladies andgentleman.However, Fournette's outstanding play wasn't the high light of the game.After being held scoreless for the entire second half, LSU decided to fake a field goal late in the fourth quarter of a tied ballgame. The play worked, as LSU's kicker ran for 16 yards into the end zone, andstunned the Florida team and fans. I believe that these teams were pretty evenly matched, and I like both of their outlooks for the rest of the season. It's kind of nice to see Florida become a good team again after being awful since Tim Tebow.No. 7 Michigan State University 27 at No. 12 University of Michigan 23One of the biggest rivalries in all of college football continued in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where Michiganhosted Michigan State. The pregame festivities included Michigan fans vandalizing Michigan State'sMagic Johnson statue (Who does that? The guy is a freaking legend). There's no love lost between these two teams.This was a back and forth battle between the two powerhouses, both of whom were trying to prove their dominance in the state of Michigan. In the end it looked like Michigan was going to win the game. They were up 23-20 with less than 20 seconds left; all they had to do was punt the ball to other side of the field and the game would have been sealed. Little did they know that Michigan State punter Blake O'Neillwould have an extreme case of the butter fingers and completely botch the snap. He did end up punting the ball after fumbling it, but right into Michigan State's Jalen Watts-Jackson who ran it into the end zone for a touchdown and the win.I think that the best part of this was Jim Harbaugh's death glare at O'Neill after the play. You know that kid is never going to see game time ever again. In all honesty, I absolutely despise Michigan andHarbaugh, and I absolutely love that they lost like this.No. 10 University of Alabama 41 at No. 9 Texas A&M University 23This was a massacre, short and simple. No team has a chance of winning a football game when they throw three pick-sixes to any team, much less to Alabama. I know that they lost to an Ole Miss teamthat isn't so good, but hey, even the best have to lose sometimes. Alabama has absolutely dominated in every game they have played since then, and I don't see them losing any time soon. If you're a TexasA&M, fan don't feel too badly. You got beat by possibly the best team in the country. There's no shame inthat.