Photo by Luke White The newly elected 49th Legislature of the Student Government Association (SGA) convened Monday evening in its first meeting of the year. Incoming SGA President Raj Tilwa, a College junior, and Vice President Max Zoberman, a College sophomore, led the legislative session, confirming seven new members to the executive board.The legislature unanimously voted to confirm seven of the new members, while Tilwa directly appointed an eighth member, whose appointment the legislature did not have to confirm. Goizueta Business Schooljunior Sumaali Chheda was confirmed as chief of staff, while Oxford College sophomore ChristopherLam was confirmed as attorney general. B-school sophomore Benjamin Baranov will serve as the associate vice president of communications and College freshman John Baker will serve as associate vice president for alumni relations. College sophomore Kyle Nelson and College junior Goldy TenreiroBraschi will be University-wide representatives-at-large. College sophomore Ethan Morris will be the College of Arts and Sciences junior representative. College freshman Zoey Lande will fill the previously vacant SGA secretary position and will work across the judicial, executive and legislative branches,according to Tilwa. ​Using one of his four direct appointments to the executive board, Tilwa also announced that Collegejunior Henry Chappell will be the new vice president of student experience.In addition, Tilwa introduced Elizabeth Cox as the interim SGA advisor, the position vacated by MatthewGarrett last week. Senior Vice President and Dean of Campus Life Ajay Nair announced the change in an Apr. 9 Wheel article​.Garrett, the interim senior director for the Center for Student Leadership and Community Engagement,recently announced that he will be leaving Emory’s Division of Campus Life for the consulting giantPricewaterhouse Coopers in Atlanta this summer.At the meeting, Zoberman announced that SGA is working with a task force in collaboration with the Emory Clinic and Emory University Hospital to provide rape kits at the facilities for those who need them.Zoberman said that SGA hopes these kits will be available around the beginning of next year.Finally, Zoberman acknowledged that approximately 300 students at the Atlanta campus were turned away from the Sean Kingston concert at Oxford College this past Friday due to a venue change. While the concert was initially set to be outdoors, Zoberman explained that inclement weather forced the event indoors to a facility that could only accommodate about 600 students.—By Harmeet Kaur