Cliff Shuttle to Walmart and Your DeKalb Farmers MarketEmory shuttles| Jason Oh, StaffA Cliff shuttle will take students to an Atlanta Walmart and the Your DeKalb Farmers Market (YDFM)grocery store in Avondale Estates on Sunday, according to an email sent to Emory students from the Office of Residence Life and Housing.Student Government Association Sophomore Representative Crystal McBrown wrote the bill, which was approved by the College Council this year, as well as for services on Nov. 15 and Dec. 6.“A few of my friends complained about how neighboring Emory stores are so expensive and didn’t allow them to buy in bulk,” McBrown said.The bus, which departs from Woodruff Circle every 30 to 35 minutes between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. onSunday, Feb. 22, will head to the Walmart Supercenter on Memorial Drive in Atlanta, as well as the nearby 7,500 square-foot farmers market, which includes a massive selection of organic, internationaland niche foods.“I included the DeKalb Farmers Market for two reasons — more ridership, and it’s close to the Walmart,”McBrown said.McBrown added that she hoped the number of riders would be large enough for her to get a bill approved by the College Council next year establishing the Walmart and YDFM trips as a weekly service.Social Justice Week: Networking Night, ‘Blacktivism’Emory’s annual Social Justice Week, sponsored by the College Council, will wrap up today (Friday, Feb.20) and Saturday with two events: Social Justice Networking Night, from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. in the WinshipBallroom, and a conference titled BLACKtivism in a “Post-Racial” Society from 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.Saturday at the Mathematics and Science Center.The Friday networking event will allow students to meet with alumni involved in social justice and will include a panel discussion, roundtable discussions and free dinner catered by Flying Biscuit, according to the event’s Facebook page.The Saturday event, which is hosted by the student organization Black at Emory, will focus on “blackbodies that occupy white spaces.”It will also delve into national events like the shooting of Michael Brown, an 18-year-old black man, by a white police officer in August; the death of the black man Eric Garner by a white police officer in July and the “I, Too, Am Harvard” photo campaign at Harvard College last March, according to a University pressrelease.The student-organized conference will also include a panel featuring Nsenga Burton, founder and editorin-chief of alternative news blog TheBurtonWire.com, as well as Associate Director of Emory Center forWomen Chanel Craft Tanner, according to the release.Conference attendees can also participate in 90-minute workshops, theoretical table talks and a BlackLives Matter photo shoot.The event was sponsored by the Office of Student Leadership and Service, the Black Student Allianceand the Center for Women, according to the release.British Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy to Give ReadingCarol Ann Duffy. Photo courtesy of FlickrCreative Commons.For the final event of the 2014 to 2015 season of the Raymond Danowski Poetry Library Reading Series,award-winning Scottish poet Carol Ann Duffy will give a free reading on Saturday, Feb. 21, at 4 p.m. in the Glenn Auditorium, according to a University press release.Duffy, who lives in Manchester, U.K. and is the creative director at Manchester Metropolitan University’sWriting School, was the first woman and first openly gay poet appointed British Poet Laureate in 2009.The poet will sign limited editions of several of her seven books, which will be for sale at the event,immediately after the reading, according to the release.No tickets are required for entry. Doors open at 3 p.m.