Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On March 6 between 2:10 p.m. and 8:00 p.m, a bike theft occurred at Smith Hall. A female student called the Emory Police Department (EPD) after she realized that her bike was missing. The bike had been secured using a cable lock but it was broken in the process of the theft. The woman’s bike is valued at $635. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 7 at 4:20 p.m., EPD received a call regarding a theft at the Woodruff Physical EducationCenter. An individual was playing basketball between 4:00 p.m. and 4:20 p.m. and left his phone on the side of the court. When he came back to retrieve the phone, it was missing. The iPhone 4S is valued at$250 and the OtterBox case is valued at $60. The incident has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 11 at 10:34 a.m., an Emory student received a call from a suspicious individual claiming to be an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) agent. The agent said that the student owed taxes to the government and if he did not pay, he would be arrested. The student went to Bank of America and withdrew $900, which he prepared to send to the individual via a Univision MasterCard. The IRS agentlater called back and then asked for $740. At this point, the student realized he was involved in a scam and called police. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 11 at 1:24 p.m., EPD received a call from officers at DeKalb County Police Department.According to the officers, two young individuals were lighting fires on railroad tracks between HaygoodDr. and Clifton Rd. EPD Officers arrived on the scene and apprehended the individuals, who were later determined to be Druid Hills High School students. Officers released the individuals to DeKalb County Police Department and notified the high school principal.• On March 13 at 9:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. An individual who was a visitor to the campus parked in front of the restaurant Saba in Emory Village between 9:30 p.m. and 9:45 p.m.When the individual came back to his car, he realized that it was broken into and his backpackcontaining his Lenovo ThinkPad was stolen. The individual told officers that he noticed college age students in the vicinity of his vehicle. The case has been turned over to an investigator.— Compiled by Assistant Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr