The No. 3 Emory volleyball team showed that their dominance extends into conference play, lastweekend at the University Athletic Association (UAA) Round Robin I in New York City. The team did not lose a single set all weekend, winning each of the three matches 3-0. The wins extended the Eagles'record to 20-2 on the season.The first half of a Saturday doubleheader saw the team square off against Case Western Reserve University (Ohio), with a tight first set that finished with a score of 25-22. However, the Eagles playedhard and won the next two by wide margins (25-20 and 25-17). Junior outside hitter Kathryn Trinka set the pace in the kills category, posting 18 of the team's 54. Senior setter Sydney Miles' 45 assists andfreshman libero Becky Breuer's 18 digs were also team highs.The team moved from one 3-0 victory to another, and made quick work of a Brandeis University (Mass.)team that has struggled this season; Emory won the three games with scores of 25-10, 25-8 and 25-17.Trinka and classmate Sarah Maher lead the team with 10 kills apiece and Miles posted an incredible 29assists.The team's final match up of the week end was against No. 21 Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.). After a25-19 first set, the Eagles closed the Tartans out 25-13 in each of the final two sets. For the third consecutive match, Trinka, Miles and Breuer lead the team in kills (10), assists (34) and digs (11).Despite the team's apparent offensive prowess, its defense was the backbone of the effort."The defensive folks, Sheridan Rice, Ashley Crawford, Breuer, Sarah Maher, the four of them playedincredible defense, and passed exceptionally well," Head Coach Jenny McDowell said. "The passing and defense was as good as it's been all year".McDowell added that being efficient and taking teams in three sets is extremely beneficial in a season that is as long and busy as the volleyball one. Still, she is confident in the Eagles if they need to go deeper into matches."One of the team's strengths is conditioning, and we need to keep that up. We have one of the best strength and conditioning staffs in the entire country, and it's key to stay fit," she said.The Emory Eagles will be back in action next Monday at Piedmont before returning to conference playon Oct. 17 and 18 for the second UAA Round Robin."We had a great weekend. Our conference has really improved at a high level over the past few years,"McDowell said. "Case Western and Carnegie are good teams. We played exceptionally well, and our goal is to win the conference. This weekend set us up pretty well."