Emory’s mission statement more or less states that it strives to create an environment where new students feel accepted, no matter who they are or where they come from. First-year students participate in Creating Emory, which encourages students to embrace diversity and condemns bigotry and harmful language to ensure that no student feels isolated because of their race, gender or sexual orientation. But a fundamental part of our identity is hidden behind Emory’s marble walls when we arrive on campus: oursocioeconomic class.We at the Wheel believe that the atmosphere surrounding class at Emory is uncomfortable and that the community is unsettlingly silent on the topic. The predominant assumption on campus — and throughoutAtlanta — is that Emory’s students are on the upper end of the socioeconomic spectrum. Why?Because Emory’s recent drive in 2007 to provide expansive, need-based financial aid, EmoryAdvantage, has yet to wash away its history of being an elite institution. And this assumption isproblematic, because it leads to feelings of alienation for those who represent the counter example ofEmory’s upper-class stereotype.In order to come to terms with the realization that everybody around them assumes they are rich, lowerincome students tend to face one of two options.They can hide their background from their peers. This can be a self-alienating process, for it involves avoiding shame through deception, which is itself an isolating act. Worse, if they are successful in hiding the reality of their socioeconomic background in the elite environment at Emory, they may become alienated from the their lives back home. In a New York Times article, a son of Mexican immigrantsrecalled feeling arrogant as he explained immigration history to his uncles, who were discussing not being able to visit Mexico because they were undocumented. While Emory has made strides in accepting students of all classes, it still very much resembles an elite community.The alternative option is to be honest and forthcoming about it. We are glad if there are those who can have an Emory experience unfazed by class assumptions. But this is not possible for everybody.Leaving home and going to college can be hard for anyone, but it’s especially hard for students without an abundance of financial resources. Textbooks, dorm supplies, clothing and food and other essentials for college can be a major source of stress for students from low-income families. Students who rely on work study jobs have to set time aside from their already crowded schedule but still can’t close the gap between them and their peers. Breaks become problematic for students who can’t afford to leave campus because the DUC closes, and meal swipes become worthless. College is hard; college is nearly impossible without money.This applies to poor college students in general, but here at Emory the lack of class awareness makes it seem as though the starving college student doesn’t exist here. The numbers, however, say otherwise.Emory’s track record in providing financial aid to lower income students is far from dismal, after all.Emory has a higher percentage of Pell Grants than many other peer institutions. The average needbased scholarship is $36,000 per year.However, given Emory’s history as an elite institution, the culture here excludes poor students and makes it harder for them to get by socially. For example, students may feel isolated when their friends go out to eat, and they can’t afford to join them. However, awareness is imperative, because studentsunknowingly have the power to exclude their peers without thinking twice.We have realized that the atmosphere surrounding class at Emory is awkward, and there is little talk about it. This makes it even harder for students struggling financially to discuss their situations with theirpeers. The community at Emory just isn’t comfortable with thinking about class, and we believe there needs to be a change.Creating Emory discusses these hard to talk about subjects, but does not meaning fully address classdifferences and difficulties. Emory takes pride in its diverse student body, and we at the Wheel believe that it should be proud to have students from multiple socioeconomic backgrounds. Emory already does a fantastic job at giving poor students the opportunity to attend such a prestigious institution, but theyshouldn’t stop there. Right now poor students are given the means to attend, but then they are left to figure out how to live in a rich kid’s world.We believe that Emory should be doing more to raise awareness of the socioeconomic diversity among the student body and seek to disprove the assumption that only wealthy students attend Emory.Along with supporting an environment that is friendlier to financially disadvantaged students, we must seek to provide funds for students who have trouble affording textbooks and dorm supplies once they arrive on campus. We would support any group or action committee for lower-income or first generation college students. We think that the topic should also be addressed more thoroughly in Creating Emory.We acknowledge that this task is neither easy to address nor easily resolvable. It is a task that takes fullcommunity engagement and investment, from the very top — such as the administration — to the very bottom — such as in interpersonal relationships. However, we have faith that the Emory community has the capacity to step up and make good on its commitment to fostering a safe space for everyone of allbackgrounds.The above staff editorial represents the majority opinion of the Wheel’s editorial board.