Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons• On March 27 at 8:55 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding anintoxicated Oxford College student at Woodruff Circle. When officers met with the intoxicated student, the student was not speaking coherently and became argumentative. The individual refused to stay with the officers and received a citation for obstructing the officers. The student then tried to flee the scene.Officers later made contact with him at Clifton Road and arrested the individual because they were concerned for his safety. He was arrested for public drunkenness and obstructing an officer. CampusLife was notified.• On March 27 at 11:00 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at Longstreet-Means Hall. Afemale student left her phone in a flowerpot in the bulding. When she returned to get her phone 15minutes later, it was gone. The phone had a black and white panda shaped case, and it was plugged into a charger. The phone, an iPhone 5S, is valued at $500.• On March 27 at 11:38 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual who was having an anxiety attack at the Dobbs University Center (DUC). The individual had consumed several alcoholic drinks andsmoked marijuana earlier that evening. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene and determined that the individual needed medical care. The individual was then brought to Emory University Hospital.• Between March 28 at 2:00 p.m. and March 29 at 4:17 p.m., a bike theft occurred at Clifton Tower. Thebike was secured to a rack with a chain lock at the base of the building. The silver Fuji Crosstown is valued at $200. The case has been turned over to an investigator.• On March 29 at 1:43 a.m., officers came in contact with an intoxicated individual in the DUC. The individual was by the stairs near Dunkin Donuts. American Medical Response arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital. Campus Life was notified.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr