Continuing their impressive run, the Emory soft ball team defeated the Fontbonne University (Mo.)Griffins 3-0 this past weekend. Emory’s record now stands at 20-2 for the season.Junior outfielder Alyssa Pollard, freshman pitcher Raygan Greer and sophomore third baseman TaraFallahee scored the team’s three runs. Fallahee hit an RBI single to take Pollard home in the bottom of the first.Freshman first baseman Ashley Powers singled to center field making a double RBI bringing Fallaheeand Greer home in the bottom of the third. Sophomore pitcher Brittany File pitched Emory’s first seveninning no-hitter since 2005.She gave up only one walk and struck out 10 batters, bringing her total strikeouts to 228 and pushing her to the number nine spot on the program’s all-time ladder. For her effort in this game, she was awardedAthlete of the Week by EmoryAthletics.com.“I think my team allowed me to be so successful in this game,” File wrote in an email to the Wheel. “Afterall, if it weren’t for a couple of great plays by our defense, and supportive runs by our offense this might be a very different conversation. Pitching a great game always makes me really happy, and motivatesme to continue playing the sport.”The Eagles took the lead in the first inning, bringing the score to 1-0. The top of the second demonstratedEmory’s strong defense with Fontbonne senior infielder Danni Glixman grounding out to third base followed by junior catcher Emily Smith and junior left fielder Caitlin Nappier each striking out.The Griffins kept the score tied in the second surrendering a walk but securing three quick outs.“We played really well,” Emory sophomore outfielder Taylor Forte said. “The opposing pitcher is really good so we were a little nervous going in.”Fontbonne freshman Courtney Kedroski received a walk, one of the two times the Griffins got on base the entire game.The Griffins failed to capitalize, and two strikeouts and a ground brought the game to the bottom of thethird.Senior shortstop Micah Scharff was first up and hit a strong double to start up the half inning. Juniordesignated hitter Hannah Sendel hit for Greer and received a walk. Scharff then stole third, followed up by Greer stealing second. Fallahee came to the plate and also received a walk to load the bases.Sophomore right fielder Amy Wray hit a weak single to first base allowing the Griffins to throw out Scharffat home. Powers came up next, hitting a deep single to center field bringing in Fallahee and Greer home.In the second half of the game, both teams’ defenses shined. Emory had a chance to score in the fourth inning with bases loaded but the Griffins defense held strong. Fontbonne got on base one last time with an Eagle error bringing Nappier to first base. The rest of the innings were uneventful with neither teamhaving an opportunity to score.With the NCAA Tournament approaching the team is going to train even harder to become as polished as possible.“We’re transitioning from regular season to post season,” Forte said. “It’s really good that we are playing this well.”At the end of the tournament, Sendel was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP).The Eagles will play their next game on Saturday, March 28 against the Wesleyan College (Ga.) Wolvesat Emory University.The Wolves have been on a winning streak winning their last two games, bringing their record to 9-11.