On Sept. 18 at 10:25 p.m., a Resident Advisor found two individuals who may have been smokingmarijuana in a rest room in Evans Hall. The Resident Advisor smelled a strong scent of marijuana in the restroom and contacted the Emory Police Department (EPD). The two individuals in the bathroom left the building before EPD arrived. Campus life was notified.On Sept. 19 at 1:47 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Evans Hall. When officers met with the individual, they noticed he had slurred speech and glassy eyes. He was unable to stand on his own and had a strong odor of alcohol. The individual said he was drinking vodka and had been at the Alpha Epsilon Pi house as well as the Shabbat house. Anotherstudent at the location said that she saw him leaving Maggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill later thatevening. Officers found New York and Illinois licenses, one of which was fraudulent, in the individual'swallet. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital and Campus Life was notified.On Sept. 19 at 6:15p.m., officers confiscated a fraudulent driver's license while making a traffic stop onEagle Row. The individual failed to stop at a stop sign and when the officer approached the individual to issue a ticket vehicle, the officer noticed that the individual had two drivers licenses in her wallet. Thefraudulent license was a Connecticut identification card.On Sept. 20 at 1:16a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Woodruff Circle. The individual, who was an Oxford student, said he didn't know where he was and that he had consumed 20 shots of alcohol off campus. American Medical Response arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital.On Sept. 20 at 3:04p.m., EPD received a call from an Emory student who claimed that her Louis Vuittonwallet was either missing or had been stolen from Kaldi's Coffee. The wallet contained $35 and a California driver's license. The incident has been turned over to an investigator.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr