Stromae performed to a sold out crowd at the Buckhead Theatre. / Kayta BobrekI have never actually seen any one wear bowler hats or knee high socks with bermuda shorts, butMonday night, I saw both — multiple times.On tour for his newest album, Racine Carrée, Belgian singer and rapper Paul Van Haver, known on stage as Stromae, performed to a sold out Buckhead Theatre.Born to a Rwandan father and a Belgian mother, Stromae's diverse background influenced his music. Headds African influences to his eccentric style, which is a combination of hip hop and electronic dancemusic. Growing up living under the poverty line and raised by a single mother, Stromae's upbringingprovides an additional introspective depth to his music.The stark realism in his lyrics sets him apart from other artists of his genre, and his songs frequentlytackle weighty topics: breakups ("Formidable"), an absentee father ("Papaoutai") and politics ("AVF").Going into the concert, I knew some things about the style of Stromae's music, but I wasn't expecting his remarkable mix of blunt lyricism, flamboyant style and, above all, unique humility.Stromae's band was dressed in matching bowler hats, knee-high socks, bermuda shorts, button-upsand bow-ties. Stromae was dressed similarly, but with the additional element of a microphone in the shape of a makeshift walking cane. To paraphrase another famous Belgian, Audrey Hepburn à la"Breakfast at Tiffany's — his entire ensemble was quelle originale.The show was brilliant, and Stromae's idiosyncrasies were only one part of its excellence.Stromae opened the concert with the upbeat, energetic song, "Ta fête," playing a synthesizer at the back of the stage. When the audience began to sing along with him, Stromae's excitement was immediately noticeable — it was as though he thought the audience wasn't going to be enthusiastic or captivated.At the start of "Tous les mêmes," Stromae launched into the dramatics that were to be characteristic of the night's performance. He joked around, arguing that French fries were actually Belgian and that the crowd wasn't loud enough. He did all of this while sitting on stage at a dressing table, wearing a smokingjacket, holding a bottle of alcohol (inside: colored water) and applying some lipstick.When Stromae played "Formidable," he embodied melodrama, theatrically stumbling and collapsing onstage over the course of the song, which tells the story of a man who uses alcohol to cope after being rejected for his inability to father a child.Shifts in lighting and the projected videos enhanced the fluid transition between introspective melodiesand bass-heavy dance anthems.Rounding out the concert, Stromae also performed his 2010 hit, "Alors on danse." The song, which wasNo. 1 in over a dozen European countries, set off his career.Stromae finished the show with his most popular song. "Papaoutai" was the lead single on RacineCarrée when the album was released in 2013. Inspired by Stromae's father, who was killed in the 1994Rwandan genocide, the song recounts the story of a boy missing his father, the chorus repeatedlyasking, "Papa, where are you?""Papaoutai" excited the audience the most, leaving almost everyone dancing.At the end of the show, Stromae, dressed in a matching turquoise and orange polo shirt and bermudas,thanked his band mates and said goodnight.If you're craving eccentric hip hop music, a phenomenal performance and an ensemble dressed in bowler hats and knee highs, then look no further — Stromae's concerts are the ones for you.