With summer rapidly approaching, we at the Wheel want to discuss something that is on the minds of many students: internships. We also think it is important to explore some of the issues that lie within the differences between paid and unpaid internships.For many Emory students unpaid internships are not a problem. Many do not take internships for the money but rather for the experience to reach the next step of their careers. But other students fromEmory and elsewhere don’t have that luxury. The most sought after internships are located in big cities such as New York, Los Angeles and Washington D.C., where the cost of living is much higher than in the rest of the country. The problem that is created is a socioeconomic one. Wealthier students can take unpaid internships without facing a significant personal burden. On the other hand, young adults in the lower and middle class have to personally pay for rent, transportation and food and therefore, need to focus on paid jobs. When they enter the work force they then have to compete with those students who have already had an internship or even several internships.It’s important to note, unpaid internships aren’t as helpful as many believe. A 2013 survey by the National Association of Colleges and Employers found that only 37 percent of recent graduates that held unpaidinternships were offered a job — not a huge jump from the 35 percent of those who never had an internship and were offered a job. The median starting salary was actually higher for those without anyinternship background — $37,087 — than those who had unpaid internships prior — $35,721. In sharpcontrast, 63 percent of recent graduates who secured paid internships were offered a job with a median salary of $51,930.As for a solution, the obvious course of action seems to be to push for all internships to be paid. Unpaidinternships are exploitative and widen the already prevalent socioeconomic gap. While this solution isappealing, it has its own drawbacks. Companies who have been forced to pay their interns due to stricter government regulation have cut back on their programs immensely, making these programs far more competitive and thus exclusive. This further segments the young adult working population into those who are able to secure desirable internships and those who cannot, leading to a huge portion of the population never gaining valuable work experience.There is a deeper, more troubling issue with making all internships paid; who will actually be securingthem? The most competitive internships go to the students who attend the most academically rigorousprivate colleges in the country, and those colleges also happen to be the most expensive. While with merit and financial aid, lower income students are able to enter these top universities, the majority of those students come from higher income backgrounds. This is part of a much larger problem and goes well beyond the scope of securing internships.After a back and forth between these sides, the one thing we know certainly is that the current system is not working. Unpaid internships reinforce income inequality, and are, in many cases, exploitative and often have very little monetary benefit. Making more internships paid is a step in the right direction. Somecompanies have provided near by housing to their interns as opposed to pay, cutting back on thestudents’ rent expenses. Colleges have also begun providing stipends to compensate students who cannot otherwise afford to take unpaid internships, thus making it an option. These are all helpful steps,but they won’t fix the underlying issues.In our discussion, we realized this topic is complicated and messy and doesn’t have any clear or easysolution. The problems associated with internships will continue until the American educational system as a whole undergoes a massive overhaul. Until then, implementing these quick fixes will have to do.