William Warby/FlikrSenior McKenna Newsum-Schoenberg impressed during the University Athletic Association (UAA)Championship last weekend, leading the Emory women’s team to its 17th consecutive UAA win. Sheadded 110 of the team’s 2,076.5 points, after winning the 500-yard freestyle, the 1,650-yard freestyle,claiming third in the 200-yard butterfly and ninth place finishes in both the 200 and 400-yard freestylerelays. At the conclusion of the competition, Newsum-Schoenberg was named UAA Women’s Swimmerof the Year.Emory Wheel: You’ve had a lot of accomplishments in the past couple of weeks, which is the most special to you?McKenna Newsum-Schoenberg: The team conference win was the best, especially for both the men and women to go in and come out on top was really special.EW: As captain, what have been your responsibilities during the UAAs and going into the NCAAs?MNS: Captain is just a formal title, it’s really all of the senior class that keeps the team together and all of us moving forward.EW: What songs are on your pre-competition playlist?MNS: “Cheerleader” by Omi and “Mo Money Mo Problems” by Notorious B.I.G.EW: What do you eat before a big race?MNS: The breakfast at the hotel is always big. We bulk up on a lot of protein with peanut butter and bananas and definitely power bars right before a race.EW: Any other pre-game rituals?MNS: If my parents are at a meet, we always do a secret handshake behind the starting block. Seeingthem up in the stands is always really great.EW: Favorite event to swim?MNS: 200-yard butterfly.EW: Relays or individual events?MNS: Relays. Swimming is usually seen as an individual sport, and every race does go towards the team total but it still feels like it’s for yourself. So, to be in a relay brings a lot of enthusiasm and gives the race a team feel.EW: Michael P helps or Ryan Lochte?MNS: This is so hard, but I’m going to have to go with Phelps. He’d be more interesting to talk to considering all the legal stuff.EW: Do you like the smell of chlorine or hate it?MNS: By this time, it has kind of started to blend in, I’m so used to it now.EW: With graduation coming up, when you look back what is your favorite memory of Emory swimming?MNS: Our training trip down to Florida. We go down there together, have grueling practice, but after get to hang out together on the beach and have a ton of fun. It really makes me remember why I do the sport.EW: What are you planning on doing after graduation?MNS: I’m planning on, hopefully, working at a law firm either here in Atlanta or back in Colorado whereI’m from. And during this gap year I’ll be applying to law schools.