Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative Commons* On Oct. 13 at 11:47 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a report of marijuana use in a room at Clairmont Tower. When officers arrived at the scene, they confronted the two individuals in the room. One student stated that she and her friend were smoking in the room. Officers found ashes but could not locate any marijuana. Campus Life was notified.* On Oct. 14 at 11:50 a.m., a student reported that when in the Grace Crum Rollins building, the student received a call from an individual who apparently worked for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Theindividual told the student that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) was filing charges on the student for hiding money from the government. The individual said she owed $1,060 to the government and if shedidn't turn over the money, a warrant would be issued for her arrest. The caller had an aggressive and angry tone. The student became suspicious and ended the call before providing any additional information or money.* On Oct. 15 at 12:35 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity in a vehicle at the Clairmont Undergraduate Residential Center (URC). When officers arrived on the scene, they found a female individual and an Emory student in a vehicle, which had a scent of burnt marijuana. The two individuals in the vehicle said they did not have any marijuana and officers could not locate any drugs or paraphernalia in plain sight. Campus Life was notified.* On Oct. 15 at 1:48 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a stolen lab coat at the Atwood ChemistryBuilding. A complainant who works in the lab claimed that an individual entered the lab wearing a labcoat. The complainant didn't recognize the individual and asked the person what they were doing in thelab. The male individual said that he received a text to come to the lab because some one was asking forhim. The complainant took a picture of the individual before he left the building. The case has been turned over to an investigator.* On Oct. 17 at 2:23 a.m., EPD responded to an under age student in Thomas Hall under the influence ofalcohol. The female individual was unconscious and unable to answer questions. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH).* On Oct. 17 at 10:56 p.m. EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Clairmont Tower. When Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene,the female had slurred speech and said she had been drinking at a night club. The student, who attendsFlorida International University, was visiting a friend at Emory. The individual was transported to GradyMemorial Hospital. Campus Life was notified.— Compiled by Digital Editor Brandon Fuhr