I want to get more out of school than just a diploma.Trading in the warm beaches, late mornings and non stop Netflix binges for another eight weeks of 9 a.m.lectures, early morning alarms and squeaky shower shoes could get any one in a slump. Still, you can be proactive in avoiding the stress that may come later on from procrastinating.Plan AheadWith spring break over and summer vacation so far away, it may feel as if there is not much fun to look forward to for quite a while. Give yourself something to get excited about. Make plans for weekendadventures or hall game nights with a group of friends. Having a series of activities to anticipate will help motivate you to keep forging ahead. Establish a routine and stick to it. After vacation, it might be hard to jump right back into an old routine. Consider making some changes to your pre-spring break routine.Choose a day of the week to have lunch at Cox with a friend between classes instead of going to theDUC. Take a different route to get to class. Find a new study space. Making minor adjustments can make a difference in both attitude and productivity. These changes in your routine may break up the monotony of your current routine and help keep you focused and organized.Keep GoingResist crawling under the covers and hibernating until summer. Regularly going to the gym and making an active effort to stay in shape not only proves beneficial to your health but also gives you more energy throughout the day. A 2008 article published in the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity reported a strong, positive correlation between physical activity and academic success.If going to the gym does not normally appeal to you, do not be discouraged by the idea of running in place for hours or lifting your weight in dumbbells. Take classes at the WoodPEC to vary your work out and maintain your interest. Think you will get bored? Grab a work out partner. The two of you can motivate each other on those days when you might not necessarily feel the urge to work out. You should benefit both physically and academically.Reward YourselfEspecially on the days when you find yourself scrolling through the calendar app on your phone to count down the days until summer, make small, realistic goals for yourself to keep up the productivemomentum. For each small task you accomplish, reward yourself with something little. “Something as simple as gummy bears or chocolate after getting my work done helps keep me going,” Collegefreshman Emily Enyedi said. After completing all of your tasks, reward yourself with something bigger.Finish your homework, your reading and, finally, the essay that is supposed to be written on that blank word document and then reward yourself with a movie night.Look at the Big PictureRather than getting caught up on not getting that Sophomore Advisor position or accidentally sleepingthrough your Monday morning alarm, try to remember your long-term goals. Whether you want to become the next Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan, leading expert in the treatment of Ebola, or the next MarthaStewart, leading expert on pipe-cleaner snowflake ornaments to brighten up your home during theholidays. Taking a moment to acknowledge long-term objectives may help alleviate stress caused byshort-term issues. Refocus the smaller tasks that will eventually lead to your larger ambitions. While it is easy to get lost in day-to-day frustrations, looking toward your ultimate goal(s) can help you refocus andreevaluate the things that are actually worth stressing over. College freshman Greg Bright is working towards getting into the Goizueta Business School, but more than that he wants to learn the actual knowledge that he can gain from each course. “I was actually enrolled in five courses … but I decided to withdraw from one of them because I wanted to enjoy my time in each course,” Bright said. “That would keep me more motivated than just going through the motions… I want to get more out of school than just a diploma.”— Ashley Marcus, Senior Staff Writer