Photo by Brent Moore (Flickr)Locally-based travelers in Atlanta often harbor a love-hate relationship with the air port in town. AirportsCouncil International (ACI) recently released its 2014 data, and for the 17th consecutive year, our airportdown south — Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport — was ranked as the world’s busiest,supporting slightly over 96 million passengers during the year. The airport’s vibrancy serves as a double edged sword for locals: on the one hand, fliers can easily reach nearly any destination in the world, but on the other hand, they must also bear the in escapably long lines and congestion.Many assume that Delta Air Lines, headquartered in Atlanta, individually drives the airport’s hegemonywithin the air line industry, and to some extent, it does. Hartsfield-Jackson represents the largest hub for one of the world’s largest airlines, and Delta owns a dominating portion — about 75 percent — of theairport’s market share. But other airlines strongly influence the air port and the region as well. In fact,Atlanta serves as an interesting case study, with its air port nicely reflecting the trends initiated back in1978 with the Airline Deregulation Act. Hartsfield-Jackson functions as a neat microcosm of the cascading effects of deregulation across the nation.Before 1978, the federal government largely dictated the routes airlines could fly, with a series of legacycarriers each owning a comfortable slice of the domestic market. However, the government, encouragedlargely by economist Alfred E. Kahn (considered the “father of deregulation”), opened a more competitivemarketplace with the Airline Deregulation Act, removing most restrictions and allowing multiple suitors tovie for traffic on each route. This triggered a wave of effects, some designed and some perhapsunintentional. Deregulation ultimately contributed to the emergence of a three-tiered airline classificationsystem domestically, and Atlanta manifests these trends perfectly.First and foremost, deregulation shifted the axis of competition from passenger experience to price.Without many pre-deregulatory threats, airlines could largely tail or their focus to making flying as comfortable as possible for the consumer (regardless of the associated costs of doing so), leading to skies characterized by glamour and luxury. However, inundated with a series of competitors, airlinesmainly began to compete on the basis of price after deregulation, resulting in lower fares and morechoice, as intended by the law’s proponents.Many cite Southwest Airlines, which conveniently debuted in Atlanta in 2012, as a quintessentialexample. Southwest, which champions itself as a low-cost and culture-laden airline, traces its roots back to deregulation, when it gained the autonomy to fly beyond its home state of Texas. Southwest engaged in the price-minimizing war by employing a strategy of maximizing aircraft and employee efficiency,flying only one aircraft type (Boeing 737) and favoring less congested secondary air ports (which helpscontrol delays) over the nation’s busiest airports. The relaxation of federal control bolstered Southwest’sability to compete nationally, and today it serves Atlanta as the airport’s second largest tenant — good news for consumers.Lower airfares for consumers also translates into less revenue for airlines. Today, even in an age of relative prosperity within the industry, airlines compete on razor-thin profit margins. Legacy carriers likeDelta try to create economies of scale as a tool for minimizing costs, concentrating the bulk of their flights to a few fortress hubs. Hartsfield-Jackson mirrors this trend well, handling a significant amount of connecting traffic as well as local passengers.Delta itself reflects a major (if delayed) effect triggered by deregulation: widespread consolidationfollowing 9/11, the biggest disaster to plague the industry. Already teetering on thin ice before twohijacked airlines downed the Twin Towers, domestic carriers endured financial crises as demand rapidlydipped. Fiscal instability generated a wave of mergers, culling the pool of competitors domestically. In2008, Delta and Northwest Airlines officially merged; with the United-Continental and American-USAirways pacts, three legacy airlines mainly dominate the skies today, mirrored locally by Delta’scommanding control of Hartsfield-Jackson.Merger activity injected necessary stability into the air line industry, but left a competitive hole. Thetrimming away of legacy airlines ushered in a new yet long-coming industry fad: the ultra-low-cost carrier(ULCC). Whereas Southwest, generally considered a “hybrid” carrier, exemplifies a mix of price consciousness and vibrant service, ULCCs represent the extreme of the movement to price-basedcompetition. Emphasizing the strategy of unbundling — the stripping away of practically all features associated with an air line ticket except for the the seat itself (and not even a pre-assigned one, unless you wish to pay extra, of course) — these air lines target the heavily budget-conscious flier by promoting the lowest possible base fare. They seek to spur new demand for flying by capturing people who might otherwise not travel or travel via alternative means, making travel more available to all — an obviously desired outcome of deregulation.Spirit and Frontier Airlines represent two of the most notable ULCCs, and both have ramped up their Atlanta service recently, asserting their respective voices at Hartsfield-Jackson. With their entrance to and aggressive pursuit of Atlanta travelers, combined with Southwest’s footprint, Hartsfield-Jackson,most commonly known as a Delta powerhouse, supports all three rings within the air line industry: fullservice carriers, hybrid/low-cost carriers and ULCCs. This three-tiered airline structure represents the culmination of deregulation, and the presence of each segment, in domestically-representativeproportions, in Atlanta optimizes the benefits that air travel offers to the area. Fliers locally benefit from both ends of the spectrum, with an ample variety of non stop routes (many of which are supported byDelta) and pricing pressure introduced by discount carriers.For the consumer, all this means more choice and more rigorous competition. Kahn and other supporters of the Airline Deregulation Act would be proud of what has transpired decades later in Atlanta.Alex McIntyre is a College freshman from Dallas, Texas.