When talking about food, ‘medium rare’ refers to cooking meat so the outside is browned with just a hint of red in the middle, striving to provide the perfect combination of tenderness and flavor. This column,much like its namesake, strives to provide the perfect combination of epicurean insight and Atlanta-areaatmosphere.Top Neighborhoods for Food in Atlanta When it comes to Atlanta’s food scene, words cannot describe the level of diversity, quality and accessibility that is prevalent all the way from the impressive international mecca of Buford Highway to the cozy comfort foods in Candler Park. Today, Medium Rare will take you through some of the high spots of heavenly dining throughout the 404.Little Five Points Most notably home to the infamous Vortex Bar and Grill, where there is an inverse relationship betweendeliciousness of food and heart health, Little Five Points has a smattering of quirky, tasty restaurants tosatisfy anyone’s craving. Just down the road from the Vortex, I recommend the connected strip of Front Page News, Tijuana Garage and Cameli’s Pizza for Cajun, Mexican and Italian cuisine, respectively.Candler ParkJust a few streets over from Little Five Points, Candler Park is typically associated with the Flying BiscuitCafé and a distinct lack of parking. Also home to a Fellini’s Pizza, Tex-Mex café Gato and La FondaLatina, the close-knit neighborhood is perfect for a casual brunch as well as an intimate date night. Oh,and Dr. Bombay’s Underwater Tea Party is a must-visit for any one who loves tea, books or happiness.Downtown DecaturJust a short drive from Emory’s campus, Downtown Decatur provides an atmosphere of belonging mixed with a lazy, southern small town. Victory Sandwich Bar, as I have said before, is a priority visit,while Iberian Pig, Leon’s Full Service and Brick Store Pub are quality substitutes for a nicer dinner in thecity. No trip to Decatur would be complete without a visit to Jeni’s for some ice cream, and the close proximity of most restaurants to the Decatur Square means a pleasant place to walk around pre- or postmeal. For a hidden gem, just outside the square over the train tracks is The Imperial, a hole-in-the-wallbar/restaurant with a great vibe and better burgers.Westside Provisions District/West AtlantaA straight shot across Atlanta via 14th Street, the west side of Atlanta has entered into the food scene with an explosive amount of quality additions across all spectrums of gastric goodness. The main focalpoint, Westside Provisions District, has everything from award-winning JCT. Kitchen & Bar to West EggCafé. Other favorites include Taqueria del Sol, Osteria del Figo, another Jeni’s Splendid Ice Creamlocation and Star Provisions, billed as the “culinary dream shop for the gourmet expert and novice alike.”For those with deep pockets (and stomachs), Zagat-rated Best in Atlanta Bacchanalia offers a five course menu for $85.BuckheadLocated in the trendy northern point of Atlanta, Buckhead is loaded with trendy food galore. Braziliansteakhouse Fogo de Chao, Maggiano’s and The Cheesecake Factory mark staple higher-end offerings,while locally owned restaurants in and around Phipps offer more variety. Additionally, visit BuckheadDiner for an experience that is anything but an ordinary diner experience.Grant ParkTravel south a little ways towards Oakland Cemetery and you run into a truly unique mix of homegrownfavorites with award-winning gastropubs. Ria’s Bluebird and Six Feet Under are two Memorial Drivestandouts, while Home Grown Restaurant lives up to its name to provide locally sourced breakfast in a setting straight out of Mayberry. For those who like adventure and getting your money’s worth (with a fair amount of money involved), Chef Kevin Gillespie’s Gunshow combines the roving offerings of a Fogo deChao with Chinese dim sum.Atlanta Food Truck ParkWhile not technically a neighborhood, this permanent collection of mobile munchies is the perfect place for those looking to try foods for the experience as much as the taste. Reclaiming an abandoned hotel’ssite, the food truck park sits just north of Atlanta on I-75 and features everything from Sweet AuburnBarbecue (which has since expanded into its own restaurant due to popularity), Nana G’s Chicken andWaffles and even a Highland Bakery on Wheels.- By Stephen Fowler, Student Life Editor