A story from the Washington Post recently came into the news that surprised your usually unsurprisedOn Fire correspondent.Sixteen-year-old Audrey Dimitrew and her family are suing her club volley ball team after the coachbenched her because he felt that Audrey wasn’t ready to be a setter on this particular team.Audrey and her family claim that her 10th-grade season is crucial to impress college coaches, and being benched will inhibit Audrey from getting any offers from universities. Thus, she will not be able to play collegiate volleyball.Yet, Audrey herself doesn’t even know if she wants to play in college.Well. Your On Fire correspondent thought it was a bit of an overreaction after reading this, so I have decided to write a letter to the Dimitrew’s.DIMITREW’S! WHAT?Not playing in college is not that big of a deal! Do you know how many high school athletes do not get to play in college? Especially for Division I? Like, 3.1 percent of high school players end up on teams incollege. That’s less than one in 35!Your On Fire correspondent realizes you’re torn up about this devastating news therefore, your On Firecorrespondent has come up with some solutions to your problem.What about D-II? D-III? You can use college as a time to focus on your studies while playing volleyballon the side for fun. This could be a good option for you.If you really want to play at a D-I school, your On Fire correspondent has another idea, taken from another similar situation that was in the news a few years ago.What about making your own secret volley ball team at whatever school you decide to go to? You could recruit other girls in your situation and boycott the varsity team. Then, the two teams could have a match against each other, with the entire school watching. At first, everyone is going to be rooting for the varsityteam, but once they see your team play, they are going to be like, “Wow, look at that talent!” Then, the president of the university will appoint your team the new varsity team.Your On Fire correspondent is telling you this can happen. It happened to another team I know. Oh wait… that’s the plot to that cheerleading movie “Bring It On.” ​Never mind — sue away.