The No.1-ranked Emory women's volley ball team competed in the Emory Classic this past weekend,defeating Covenant College (Ga.), Johns Hopkins University (Md.), Lakeland College (Wis.) andSusquehanna University (Pa.) in 3-0 straight sets.On the first day of action, Emory handedly defeated Covenant College 25-11, 25-16, 25-16 anddemolished Johns Hopkins 25-20, 25-12, 25-11.Throughout the first two games, the Eagles put together a combined hitting percentage of .423 (88-13177) while holding their two opponents to a woeful .014 hitting percentage. Emory also kept their two opponents to only 67 digs, compared to a whopping 106 by the Eagles.Junior outside hitter Kathryn Trinka was the star of the day, commanding the Eagles attack with 15 killsin the first match against Covenant, tying her second-highest career total. Trinka added 13 kills in the second match against Johns Hopkins for her seventh straight game with double-digit kills.Senior setter Sydney Miles perpetrated the attack with her 72 assists through the two contests, with 43against Covenant and 29 against Johns Hopkins.Emory closed out a premier tournament showing on Sunday by dismantling both Lakeland andSusquehanna to improve their record to 9-0 on the season.In contrast to the previous day's offensive barrage, Emory's defense was the high light of the second day.Emory outscored the two teams in both digs (119-96) and blocks (16-4). Emory also kept theiropponents' hits at bay, holding their adversaries to a total hitting percentage of .032 (60-52-244).The team's offense was impressive as well. Trinka added another double-digit kill match againstLakeland with 13 kills. Junior right side hitter/setter Sarah Maher added 11 kills. Freshman outside hitterKarissa Dzurik added 10 kills, becoming the third Eagles' player to have double-digit kills in the match against Lakeland. Miles added 40 assists and freshman defensive specialist Becky Breuer led the squad with 18 digs."They're all hard workers, they're all very passionate about what they're doing and it's a really specialteam already," Head Coach Jenny McDowell said.Despite the results of the tournament, McDowell was even more excited about how good the team can become as they continue to practice."I see so much room for improvement, and I see our players so passionate about getting better," shesaid. "That's the best thing about this team, they walk into practice every day with the desire to get better,and that's why I'm excited to see how the team develops come November."On top of the team's overall dominant performance, three Eagles were awarded a place in the EmoryClassic All-Tournament Team: Miles, Trinka, and junior mid hitter Shannon Nugent. Miles was also awarded MVP of the tournament."Volleyball is such a team sport that I don't think one person should really be standing out," Miles said."Without my teammates, I'm nothing."However, she still see s room for the team to grow."I think there's always something to improve upon and I think that's what's going to make us great thisseason."Emory will look to continue their winning streak when they play Berry College (Ga.) away on Tuesday at7 p.m.