Week 6 Pick'emsNew York Giants (3-2) at Philadelphia Eagles (2-3)Just as nearly everyone in the NFL expected, the Giants came away with a win last week end over the 13 (now 1-4) 49ers. Although the Giants scored 30 points, led by Eli Manning's 441 yard, three-touchdownperformance, they needed the final seconds of the game to sneak away with their three-point win. Sure,the Giants moved to the top spot in the NFC East, but not without concern. Against a weak defense, theGiants ran for 84 yards, which only adds to the mounting evidence that the Giants will struggle running the ball. The Giants' defense also allowed the 49ers to rack up nearly 400 yards on offense, raising a big question against a team that has struggled to put up more than 250 in the first four weeks of the season.The Eagles finally made an offensive statement last week, tallying 39 points over 500 yards of offense.Philly fans were anxiously awaiting the game in which the Eagles would have their breakout. Fortunately,this game was right in time for their high-pressure matchup against the Giants. Eagles-Giants games are always close, no matter how good or bad either team is. Neither team looks too convincing right now,leading me to believe that the home field will make all the difference.Giants 30 Eagles 31Miami Dolphins (1-3) at Tennessee Titans (1-3)Ever since they opened their season on a tear, I've had high expectation for the Titans. Since then,needless to say, my hopes have been rapidly dimmed each week. Tennessee's defense played great last weekend, but their offense, despite 17 first downs, couldn't reach the end zone more than once. Aconcern for me this week end is the fact that the Bills' last two games (both losses), although extremelyclose, have both been at home rather than on the road.Just like the Titans, I had my sights set high on the Dolphins this year. Quarterback Ryan Tannehill was gradually maturing as a quarter back and I felt that with a solidified front-line defense, the Dolphins would make a push for the AFC East. Unfortunately, I was mistaken. Since winning in week one, the Dolphins have lost three in a row: a 3-point loss to the Jaguars, a 27-point loss to the Bills and a 13-point loss to the Jets. Though detrimental, the losses to the Bills and Jets don't worry me nearly as much as the loss to the Jaguars does. The Jaguars are perennially seen as a "gimme" game each year for NFL teams —a must win and an easy win game crucial to improving a team's record. The losses to the Bills and Jets confirmed that the Dolphins' season is in a downward spiral.Dolphins 20 Titans 31Arizona Cardinals (4-1) at Pittsburgh Steelers (3-2)After losing their week four match up to the Rams, many questioned how the Cardinals would respond.They didn't play poorly but didn't look like the power house that they resembled in the first three weeks.The Cardinals answered with a huge win. They pummeled the Lions 42-17 in Detroit, adding to Detroit'slist of embarrassing defeats this season. Carson Palmer only needed 11 completions to throw threetouchdowns, while Arizona's rushing attack resulted in three touchdowns for 187 yards. Clearly there'snothing too serious to worry about in Arizona.If you're in Pittsburgh, you're thanking everyone on the Steelers' sidelines for putting the ball in Le'VeonBell's hands last game with the clock expiring. Bell, from a wild cat formation on the goal line, scrambledinto the end zone as time expired to give Pittsburgh a 24-20 victory in San Diego — a big win for Steelernation. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like Big Ben is returning this week, although he did return to the practice fields this past Wednesday. Without him, stopping Arizona could be a nightmare. Expect manyturnovers from Michael Vick in this one.Cardinals 34 Steelers 16Kansas City Chiefs (1-4) at Minnesota Vikings (2-2)I tend to write about the Chiefs a lot because I was very keen on them early in the season. After thisweek, unless they surprise me, I'm going to drift away and start shining the spot light on other teams in the league. As if the Chiefs' season hadn't been bad enough, Jamaal Charles is now out with a torn ACL.Charles hadn't been having the explosive type of season he had a few years ago, but he was still the star man in the Chiefs' backfield. The Vikings had a bye last week, giving power house Adrian Peterson an extra week of rest and preparation for tearing apart the Chiefs' weak running defense. There isn't too much to say besides the fact that A.P. should have a massive 100-plus yard, 2-touchdown type of week.Chiefs 17 Vikings 28Last Week's Record: 2-1Season Record: 11-8