Freshman Bridget Harding squares up to the ball. Harding won her singles sets against OglethorpeUniversity (Ga.) last Sunday and Georgia Gwinnett College Thursday. The Eagles are now 5-1 on the2015 season. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsThrough the pouring rain, the Emory women’s tennis team moved to the indoor courts at the WoodPECand captured wins in all three of their matches this past Saturday, Feb. 21. Emory won 8-1 over MillsapsCollege (Miss.), 9-0 against Agnes Scott College (Ga.) and 9-0 over Oglethorpe University (Ga.).In an email to the Wheel, Head Coach Amy Bryant wrote, “the past matches gave us the opportunity to utilize what we have been working on in practice. The wins enabled us to build confidence and reassurance about the strategies we’ve been working on. However, it’s a journey and this is one step in reaching our goals.”In the singles competition against Millsaps, Emory won five out of six matches. Sophomore MichelleSatterfield defeated Deena Li Kam Wa 6-3, 4-6, 10-8. Freshman Julie Fowler be at Ma Claiborne-Sharpe6-0, 6-0. Senior Catharine Harris also won her match against Anna Brahce 6-0, 6-0 while junior MarissaLevine beat her opponent, Rachel Beck 6-0, 6-0 and junior Stephanie Loutsenko beat Reya Hayek 6-0,6-0. In a close match, Emory’s only singles loss came from junior Madison Gordon, defeated by AshleyFord 6-0, 2-6, 10-8.Emory won all three of the doubles matches against Millsaps. Sophomore Katarina Su and freshmanAnna Fuhr defeated their opponents 8-2. The team of sophomore Michelle DeMeo and junior BeatriceRosen and the team of Loutsenko and senior Danielle Truitt each defeated their opponents 8-0.Junior Beatrice Rosen tosses the ball before a serve. Last season, she earned a spot on the all University Athletic Association (UAA) First Team. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsAfter the loss, Millsaps dropped to 1-1 on the season.“All of the doubles matches really set us up well for singles,” Bryant wrote.The next match against Agnes Scott was a full sweep, as Emory won each match.In the singles competition, Rosen defeated Claire Rinaldo 6-0, 6-1 and Fowler defeated Maddie Hoffman6-0, 6-2. Harris be at Anne Rinaldo, Levine be at Taylor Lee, Truitt be at Camille Wilson and Fuhr beatNikki Langford, each winning their match 6-0, 6-0.The doubles competition started with the team of Satterfield and freshman Bridget Harding dominatingtheir match 8-0. DeMeo and Rosen be at their opposing team 8-1, and Fowler and sophomore BrunaCorrea defeated their opponents 8-1, as well.Agnes Scott’s loss dropped their overall record to 0-2.The last match against Oglethorpe followed suit as Emory swept all nine matches.Satterfield started the singles matches, defeating Caroline Johnson 6-1, 6-0. Su be at Katherine Walker 60, 6-1.Harding won against Ingrid Wilcox 6-0, 6-0 as Harris defeated Marcail McGranahan 6-0, 6-0. Loutsenkodefeated MaryAnne Hafen 6-1, 6-0 and Truitt ended the matches with a win against Deanna Walls 6-0, 60.The Satterfield and Harding team started the doubles matches with a win, defeating their opponents 8-1.DeMeo and Gordon teamed up to defeat their opponents 8-3. To end the day, Fowler and Correa teamedup and won 8-1.Oglethorpe dropped to 1-1 after the loss.After the wins on Sunday, Emory’s record improved to 4-1. Emory remains in the number one spot on the NCAA Division III rankings.“This year’s goal is to fight hard while staying balanced,” Bryant added.The Eagles returned to action Thursday night against Georgia Gwinnett College.The Eagles won five of six singles sets and swept the doubles competition to win 8-1.They will return to action this Saturday in Marietta, Georgia for the Kennesaw State Tournament.