It's the most wonderful time of the year. No, not Christmas, but finals. The price of Adderall rises,motivation falls and the population of the library increases tenfold. But enough of that. I come to you this week as a humble messenger of mischief, manners and maturity. What I have in today's column is sooutrageous, so mind-blowing, so "out-there," that it has been pre-emptively banned in 34 countries, 17states and the McChevron on Clairmont and North Decatur Roads. Also, this is 666 words.Dear Doolino,I went to Mags two weeks ago and met the love of my life. He bought me a tequila shot and even took me to Steak n' Shake afterwards! After we hooked up, he was a perfect gentleman and gave me hissweatshirt as I walked back to my room. I saw such a promising future with him, but now he won't textme back. Do I make out with his roommate?Sincerely,Miffed MaggieDear Maggie,HOLY FUCKING SHIT WHAT IS WRONG WITH TODAY'S SOCIETY??? First off, looking for love in as hitty underage dive bar might not be the best place to start, and Steak n' Shake isn't that much better.Have you seen their health score? Next, what are you doing looking for love in college anyways? Sure,you might find that special some one but I might also win the lottery and Atlanta sports teams might begood. What I mean to say is, don't get disheartened if someone doesn't text you back. Today's society is too damn obsessed with "instant" this and "instant" that and there's no incentive to wait for any sort of pleasure (which, if he was a perfect gentleman he should have done ). Five years down the road when you up grade to a less-shitty real people bar, the right person will sweep you off your feet with equally cheap alcohol.Besides, there's always next weekend.Sincerely,DoolinoDear Doolino,I've been around since 1976 but I feel like people don't appreciate the work that I do. I think I'm funny, butI don't get the same reaction from people anymore. Nobody appreciates satire anymore becauseeveryone is too politically correct and social justice-y to laugh. How do I become funny again?Sincerely,The Emory SpokeDear Spoke,LOL. There, you got your first laugh in a while. I'm sorry you're not as funny as you used to be. Instead of providing relevant satirical commentary about issues people are talking about on campus or society atlarge, you make tone-deaf jokes and memes about sex. Not that there's anything wrong with memesabout sex, but there's only so many penis jokes you can fit in (haha get it — "fit in") before it gets tiring.Plus, your social media presence is abysmal. I've seen better tweets from Donald Trump. I pine for the days when a new Spoke article was published and I could fulfill my doctor-recommended four and a halfguffaws per day. Now, it seems that humor is something Spoke-n of in the past tense.Sincerely,DoolinoDear Doolino,I've spent the past 82 hours in the library cramming for my two finals next week. Do you have any studytips?Sincerely,Dees Get DegreesDear Dees,You're fucked. Cramming only works when packing suitcases and doing Chubby Bunny competitionswith marshmallows. My guess is you were probably with Miffed Maggie up there drinking for love atMaggie's more than you were doing the reading for that poli sci class. Studying is a process that is cumulative (just like your final, probably). Everyone has to live with the consequences of their actions,and your best bet is to hope that you remember enough to not fail. At worst, you probably won't get that nice internship you wanted, unless you're in the Business School in which case the curve means at worst you get a B- and a cushy job at Deloitte. I hate you a little bit.Hope you fail,Doolino