John Mulaney, stand-up comedian and former “Saturday Night Live” (SNL) writer, will give a stand-upperformance at Glenn Auditorium on Thursday, March 26 as part of the annual Dooley’s Week eventlineup, according to an announcement made by the Student Programming Committee (SPC) Mondaynight.Mulaney, who wrote SNL sketches like “Weekend Update” and lines for Bill Hader’s famed character“Stefon,” piloted his own show, “Mulaney,” on Fox on Oct. 5.Since then, he has appeared on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon on Oct. 1 and “Jimmy KimmelLive” on Nov. 17.The musical guest for Dooley’s Frolics, the Friday Dooley’s Week concert on McDonough Field that was previously called Spring Band Party, will be announced at 12:50 p.m. at Wonderful Wednesday onAsbury Circle this week, according to an SPC Facebook post.On Monday night, SPC members were still ironing out plans for the Dooley’s Ball musician, who will perform on Saturday, March 28, according to SPC Speakers Chair and Business School junior MaxMayblum. The SPC, Mayblum said, will likely announce the Dooley’s Ball performer by the end of theweek. Known for his live comedy performances, Mulaney continues to stop by major cities as part of his2014-2015 stand-up tour, which brought him to the Tabernacle in Atlanta on Jan. 24.According to Mayblum, the SPC planned on choosing between Mulaney and stand-up comic BoBurnham for the Dooley’s Week event, but Burnham’s schedule conflicted with the set date for the annual comedy show.“As soon as we heard about the scheduling conflict with Burnham, we jumped right on Mulaney,”Mayblum said. “I’m personally so excited.”Mayblum added that, to book comedians of Mulaney’s caliber, SPC “reached out to agencies that we’vedeveloped connections with over the years.”Business School junior Andrew Drumm, who saw Mulaney’s Jan. 24 performance at the Tabernacle,said he’s “still pumped” to see one of his favorite comedians live again in March.“You really can’t understate my excitement,” Drumm said. “Bo Burnham would’ve been good, but I’m a lot more excited about John Mulaney. Bo Burnham’s kind of a hit or miss, but Mulaney’s good all the waythrough.”After Googling Mulaney, College senior Alivia Sahl said she’s excited to see this year’s comedyperformance.“I mean, he invented Stefon — my favorite character on SNL,” Sahl said.Rachel Storms, a College junior, said she had to do some research after the SPC announcement aswell.“You know, I had no clue who that was until I looked it up, but now I’m excited,” she said. “Honestly, I feel like people would have gotten more excited for Burnham because he’s more well known, but I don’t find him particularly funny.”Last year, students filled Glenn Auditorium for a stand-up performance by comedian Chris D’Elia, who has appeared on the Comedy Central show “Workaholics” and is currently on a national tour that will bring him to Atlanta on May 29.Chance The Rapper performed on McDonough Field on Saturday, April 5, as part of last year’s DooleyWeek. Australian electronic musician Chet Faker, the opener for Chance, was unable to perform due to immigration issues, while 5 & A Dime, the mash-up musician set to perform the Friday before the Chance show, cancelled due to severe weather conditions.In 2013, Dooley’s Week included comedian Hannibal Buress performed at Glenn, while rapper KendrickLamar and house DJ 3lau (pronounced “blau”) drew crowds to McDonough Field for the Spring BandParty and Dooley’s Ball events, respectively.— By Lydia O’Neal, Asst. News Editor