When I first read that UChicago did not "support so-called 'trigger warnings' " or "condone the creation of intellectual 'safe spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and perspectives at odds with theirown," I immediately agreed. However, after reading the Wheel's response to UChicago's stancesupporting the presence of safe spaces at Emory, I thought of a time in which I engaged in a discussion with people who were avid members of organizations that might be considered safe spaces here atEmory. While I agree that safe spaces promote discussions, I do think that there is something lacking in communication between groups.Last fall, I attended a Chipotle Chat, a program hosted by College Council where students talk about present issues with a school club and eat burritos afterwards. In the edition I attended, students from the Centro Latino and the Black Students Alliance (BSA) shared their experiences of their spaces beingviolated. One freshman claimed that he did not feel comfortable living in Raoul Hall. Many other Hispanicstudents complained about white students using their rooms to do homework, who would tell them to"stop speaking Spanish." Yes, safe spaces are meant to be inclusive, but it seems that there is a lingering unawareness of the presence of safe spaces and what their function is. After several points were made, one student looked directly at my three white friends and me and said, "We want to hear from the other side."Of course, I was disheartened to hear stories about students being disrespectful, but I felt in that moment that I personally felt uncomfortable because I was experiencing something for which safe spaces provide an outlet — and I believe that the fact I felt that way was itself representative of the barriers that the concept of a safe space can erect. For a while, I felt conflicted on my opinion about safe. It seemed as if some people really did need them, but at the end of the day I realize that safe spaces are not the answer to living peacefully at Emory. And here is why:We are building barriers instead of fighting for coexistence. There will be no progression if we can only converse freely in a safe space. We need to talk to one another, especially in uncomfortable situations. It appears that the University is trying to promote open dialogue amongst the whole school, but there are still a lot of flaws in the system.The Emory Integrity Project, which aims to "promote and develop a culture of ethics and integrity throughout Emory's undergraduate experience," has just launched. As you may have seen aroundcampus, blackboards have been placed in common areas prompting students to offer solutions to problems such as "bringing different cultures together" and "naming obstacles for respectful dialogue."Some responses are serious and engaging, but many people have taken to the boards to makeHarambe and Donald Trump jokes. Evidently, more work needs to be done.What we as a body of students need to do is educate our community on how to be respectful towards different cultures and races. Clearly, we should not have the issues that were brought up in the ChipotleChat. But nobody offered a solution. Instead, I felt accused of something I didn't even know was happening on campus, just because I was in attendance.Emory students need to work together so we don't even have to have safe spaces. We should be able to engage in conversation all over campus. We do not need designated rooms. The truth is, once we leavecollege, we are not guaranteed a place we can go to have free discussion whenever we please. The first step we need to take is to implement change in everyday situations.During my freshman orientation, we were presented with a play about microaggressions. One example of this was a student asking an Asian-American student, "Where are you from? No, where are you reallyfrom?" implying that the student wasn't a true American. This is a great way to teach others how a seemingly innocent comment can hurt someone's feelings, but it's not so easy to attract an audience unless it's a mandatory event. So here's what we can do: If some one says something to you that offendsyou, don't just say you are offended; tell the person what he or she should say next time. For instance, I once referred to a big wool sweater as a "Bill Cosby sweater." A friend of mine told me to say "grandpasweater" instead.If you think you might be offending someone, ask questions. The person you may be potentially insultingmay be able to help you out to make sure nobody is made uncomfortable the next time. Some people simply do not know what's acceptable, and there is a responsibility to educate the community on thismatter. It's unlikely that the said oppressors are going out of their way to be insensitive.In short, we need to be more vocal about what's right and what's wrong, but this cannot be done without teaching one another. No, the rules are not written anywhere, but in general, most people can tell you to what they take offense. We need to let others know what they should do or say, so we don't polarizegroups. We should not portray students who are unfamiliar with microaggressions as maliciousantagonists. Not knowing is one thing, intentional ignorance or hate is another.There is no use in telling some one to "check their privilege" without giving further guidance. How can so called "privileged" students use their said power to help those without the same luxury?If we can take small steps toward respectful conversation and actions, safe spaces will becomeirrelevant. Unity starts with taking a stand against oppression. Groups who feel they need a safe space have a responsibility to speak up for change and those who are labeled as disrespectful need to be open to learning how to improve and remember what's acceptable and what's not.