Junior Katarina Su and sophomore Bridget Harding won their sixth consecutive match together. |Courtesy of Emory AthleticsThis past weekend, the No. 1 Emory's women's tennis team (17-2) played Charleston SouthernUniversity (S.C.) and Coastal Carolina University (S.C.). Emory fell to CSU 6-3 and defeated CCU 5-4.Despite the road trip split, senior Beatrice Rosen thought that the practice against such stiff competitionbenefited the team as a whole."Nothing went wrong at all," Rosen said. "Division I teams are really good practice for us. We can win some and lose some.For the first match, the Eagles traveled to Conway, S.C., looking to add to their season-long winningstreak of nine matches and an impressive overall record of 17-2. The team's first match-up of the weekend was against Charleston Southern, a tough Division I foe boasting a strong 13-3 record on theseason.On that Saturday afternoon, Emory was unable to extend their winning streak, as CSU defeated the squad in a 6-3 decision. Junior Katarina Su and sophomore Bridget Harding were one of Emory's twovictories on the afternoon, winning 6-1 in the second doubles spot. However, the lead at that point was already insurmountable. The only Emory players who won their singles matchups were Rosen andsenior Madison Gordon at the fourth and sixth spots, respectively.However, the Eagles didn't let their rough match on Saturday determine their match against Division Iopponent Coastal Carolina (17-5), as Emory was able to defeat CCU 5-4. The win was Emory's thirdDivision I victory on the season. The two teams split the singles competition, each taking away threewins. It was in doubles that Emory secured its overall match victory, with clutch wins from its first two doubles pairs.Emory's victory was built upon the strong play of their doubles team. Su and Harding achieved their sixthconsecutive doubles win together in a decisive 6-1 decision, while sophomore Anna Fuhr and freshmanDaniela Lopez, who filled the first doubles spot, ended their losing skid of two games with a 6-3 win.The Eagles will look to carry this momentum in their return to competition against Middlebury College(Vt.), Skidmore College (N.Y.) and Bowdoin College (Maine) next week end at Middlebury's campus.Rosen felt that the demanding week end had helped them prepare for the trio of matches in the comingweek."We feel fully prepared for the three Division III teams this weekend because last weekend prepped us,"Rosen said.