On Oct. 25 at 10:41 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft atDobbs Hall. An Emory student reported that she left her Louis Vuitton key pouch on a lounge table fromOct. 24 at 11 p.m. to Oct. 25 at 8 a.m. When she went to retrieve the pouch, the pouch was missing and only her credit cards, student ID and key were left on the table. The pouch is worth $200. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 25 at 6:22 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding fraudulent activity on three Best Buy giftcards owned by an Emory faculty member. The faculty member said that he made initial purchases with the gift cards on eBay from a computer in Rich Memorial Building. Later, other transactions depleting hisbalance appeared on the cards. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 28 at 4:02 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at Hopkins Hall. An Emory student said that a Schwinn bike, valued at $300, was stolen from a bike rack outside Hopkins Hall between 3:40p.m. and 4 p.m. The student stated that the bike had been secured with a cable lock. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 28 at 5:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Goizueta Business School. AnEmory student said that a Felt bike, valued at $750, was stolen from a bike rack outside of the Business School between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. The student stated that the bike had been secured with a cablelock. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 29 at 12:08 a.m., EPD officers patrolling Eagle Row observed two male students yelling at each other and assuming fight stances outside Xi Kappa fraternity house, located at 13 Eagle Row. EPD told them to stop, then approached and spoke with the students. One of the students alleged that the other had pushed him, causing his phone screen to crack. The other student agreed to pay $100 to fix the screen and transferred the payment through the Venmo app. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 29 at 2:06 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding public intoxication at the Xi Kappa fraternityhouse, located at 13 Eagle Row. When officers arrived on the scene, an Emory student working securityat 13 Eagle Row told them that a 21-year-old Emory student had been asked to leave the premises multiple times but continued to return. The subject was walking and dancing in front of cars. The officers made contact with the subject and noticed he was unsteady on his feet, had red, glassy eyes and reekedstrongly of alcohol. The subject was arrested by EPD for violating DeKalb County Ordinance 16-42,public intoxication, and was taken to De Kalb County Jail.On Oct. 29 at 2:48 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding under age alcohol consumption at the JamesW. Wagner Quad. The caller said an intoxicated female Emory student was vomiting near Longstreet-Means Hall. Officers arrived on the scene and made contact with another Emory student, who reported that the subject had attended a party at Georgia Tech earlier and had consumed two vodka drinks.Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) alsoarrived on the scene. The subject was conscious, alert and refused treatment. A sober friend took the student back to the student's residence at Smith Hall. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 29 at noon, EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Business School. An Emory student reported that a $240 Schwinn bike secured with a combination lock was stolen from a bike rack outside the Business School between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 29 at 4:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call stating that "Trump 2016" had been spray-painted in light green on the sidewalk near Andrew Circle at Shuttle Bridge. Facilities Management was notified and advised to remove the paint from the sidewalk. Emory University Posting Guidelines and Practices states that "the use of spray chalk or other spray products (toxic or non-toxic) is strictly prohibited." Anactive criminal investigation has been opened.On Oct. 30 at 1:45 a.m., EPD officers saw three people walking along the CSX railroad tracks near the bridge by Clifton Road. The three individuals were a male wearing a red Teletubbies costume, a female wearing a green Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) costume and another female wearing a whiteshirt. After further investigation of the subjects, the officers found bagged marijuana belonging to the female student in the TMNT costume. EPD issued the student a citation for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 30 at 5:25 a.m., EPD was flagged down by a motorist who reported a possible fire in the backyard of the residence at 1944 Ridgewood Dr. Officers responded and saw flames and smoke coming from the backyard. DeKalb Fire Department also arrived on the scene. The flames were coming from a metal fire pit in the corner of the back yard and spreading across the property. Officers usedextinguishers, and the Fire Department put out the fire with water. Officers spoke with the property'soccupant, an Emory student, who stated that they had started the fire around 2:30 a.m. that morning and thought it was out when they went to sleep at 3 a.m. There was no damage to the property.