On Jan. 30 at 1:30 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol at Woodruff Residential Center. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital, and Campus Life was notified.On Jan. 30 at 8 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a noise complaint at the Clairmont CRC. TheCRC director called EPD because the noise violations were an ongoing issue. Officers met with an individual in an apartment at the CRC and told the individual to keep the noise down.On Jan. 30 at 6 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding damaged property at the Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity house at 8 Eagle Row. When officers arrived on the scene, they met with the chapter president and another fraternity member. The member said he left his back pack in an open area and when hereturned, his 13-inch laptop and a calculus book inside the back pack were doused with alcohol. Multiplepages were ripped from the textbook and the laptop was torn in half along the hinge. There are no suspects at this time.On Jan. 31 at 11:25 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding the scent of marijuana on the first floor of Raoul Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, a student gave them a Ziploc bag filled with a green leafy substance that appeared to be marijuana. Officers issued a citation to the student in possession of the substance and notified Campus Life.On Feb. 1 at 12:50 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an unattended animal in a car at the Woodruff Residential Center. The car was parked in a shady spot with the windows open and the dog appeared to be distressed, according to the complainant. When the owner returned and met with officers,he said he had to leave the dog in the car for 15 minutes to go to an appointment. The individual was allowed to leave the area.On Feb. 2 at 4:31 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a flood at Clairmont Tower. When officers arrived on the scene, Facilities Management was already managing the situation. Multiple rooms were compromised due to an unused toilet that flooded. Campus Life was notified.On Feb. 2 at 7:52 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the School of Medicine media room.According to the complainant, it appeared that an unknown person entered the room and removed a mouse and a keyboard from a cabinet. The total value of the computer accessories is $24. The lock on the door to the media room was changed to prevent further thefts.On Feb. 2 at 4:07 p.m., a student contacted EPD regarding a suspicious phone call. The student received a call from an individual claiming to work for the IRS. The caller had a thick Indian accent and claimed the student owed $1,900. The student hung up the phone and contacted DeKalb County PoliceDepartment.