Senior captain Kathryn Trinka spikes a ball with might last season. Trinka was an All-University AthleticAssociation Second Team in 2015. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsWhile the Emory women's volley ball team finished the 2015 season seventh overall and made a regionalfinals appearance, the team knows that there is possibility for greater accomplishment in the 2016season. Their ultimate goal — as always — is to win a national championship. This season, they believe that goal is attainable."I really love this team; [it has] great work ethic, [is] really coachable [and is] super disciplined," HeadCoach Jenny McDowell said. "I think we have a chance to be really good. I think it's just going to take some time.""We believe that every year we have a chance to win the national championship," senior Captain KathrynTrinka said.In talking to the team members — both players and coaches — a pervading theme seems to arise: the emphasis on team over the self."It's really fortunate, because we just recruited a group of really solid character players," McDowell said."This is probably the best team chemistry that we've had in the last couple of years."Indeed, the team's chemistry — anchored by senior Captains Sarah Maher, Jessica Holler, Trinka andjunior Captain Hannah Billings — is one of the many factors that fuel the team's year in and year out contention for Division III's national championship.The program has not won the championship since 2008. Both players and coaches acknowledge the improvement the team must undergo in order to come out on top of Division-III volleyball."Our goal is to get one percent better every day," McDowell said. "That's our goal. If we do that, I think we have a really good shot to have a successful season."The team opens the season ranked fourth overall in the nation by the American Volleyball CoachesAssociation, so expectations are high. The Eagles are the favorite to win the University Athletic Association (UAA) Championship, making them one of the few D-III teams to beat.The team will be hard-pressed to replace first-team all-American setter Sydney Miles, who graduated this past spring, but McDowell has confidence that freshman Sarah Porter and Billings will fill the postadmirably.The two-setter system the team will be employing this season will replace the 5-1 formation, a one-settersystem."We have outstanding setters to replace Sydney Miles," McDowell said. "Right now we're using twosetters: Hannah Billings, who is a junior and just a phenomenal athlete and a very good freshman setterin Sarah Porter. The two of them are sharing the setting duties, and both have done an outstanding job sofar."To McDowell, character is what will ultimately help the team rise to Division-III volleyball's apex."Our program would never sacrifice character for talent," McDowell said. "I think this team has the potential to be really good, but we have a lot of work to do."The team will start play on Friday, Sept. 2, when they host the Emory Classic against the University ofSt. Thomas (Minn.).