Junior pitcher Hans Hansen was a big reason Emory was able to open its three game series with Piedmont College (Ga.) with a win. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsIn the last week end of the regular season, Emory's baseball team (28-9) faced Piedmont College (20-17)(Ga.) three times, winning two games 11-0 and 6-5 and losing the final game 10-4. The first and third games were played at Piedmont and the second game was played at Emory.In the first game, Emory defeated Piedmont 11-0. The Eagles got a great start from junior pitcher HansHansen. Hansen threw eight shutout innings for the Eagles, allowing six hits and striking out three Lions.The outing was good enough for Hansen's eighth win of the year, making his record 8-1 on the year.At the plate, Emory's senior second baseman Dylan Eisner (two), senior right fielder Chris Slivka (three),junior catcher Chris Young (two) and sophomore shortstop Nick Chambers (two) all logged multi-hitgames. In addition, Chambers, Young and freshman first baseman Bubby Terp all drove in multiple runs,with Chambers and Young driving in two and Terp driving in three. Eisner and Chambers both knockeddoubles, and Terp legged out a triple.In the second game of the three-game series, Emory defeated Piedmont 6-5 in 11 innings. The game was Emory's last home game and Senior Day, so Emory senior pitcher Paul Merolla got the start for theteam. Merolla threw five innings, allowing five runs and striking out three. Junior pitchers Luke Emmetand Kyle Monk managed to finish off the rest of the game without allowing a single run, giving Emory a chance to get back into the game. Monk picked up his third win of the year, moving his record to 3-3 onthe year.Emory's lineup proved to be top-heavy, as their one-two-three hitters had 10 of Emory's 15 hits. Seniorcenterfielder David Coble had three hits, junior designated hitter Brian Hernandez had three hits and three RBIs and Eisner went four for four on the day. Terp also continued his recent hot streak sincetaking over for injured senior first baseman Ben Vizvary and finished the game two for four.In the final game of the series, Emory fell to Piedmont 10-4. Junior pitcher Jackson Weeg got the start and struggled early on, allowing four runs in the first inning. However, Weeg managed another four innings without allowing a run. Freshman Billy Dimlow came in to start the sixth inning. He pitched two and two-thirds innings and allowed an additional six runs, although only three were earned.At the plate, while Emory managed eight hits, all but one were a single. Chambers was the only Eagle to finish with multiple hits, with the sole double for the Eagles. Hernandez (two), Coble (one) andsophomore catcher Mitch Kerner (one) managed to knock in all of Emory's runs.While Emory ended the season with a loss and a record of 30-10, they might have a chance to play more baseball this year. They now await the announcement of whether or not they will make the regionalpostseason tournament.