Emory's men's and women's diving team took to the diving board as several members of the teamdominated at the 16th annual Sewanee University (Tenn.) Invitational Friday. The three Eagles whocompeted in the invitational, performing excellently all around, were freshman Trevor Burke on the men'sside and sophomore Avery Botansky and freshman Madeline Lutwyche on the women's side.Head Coach Jon Howell was satisfied with the divers' performances Friday."I think we did great in the invitational," Howell said. "It was nice for them to dive against some pretty good divers, and overall they're still learning dives and improving right now, but I think we're doing a nice job executing things in competition."On the men's side, Burke took home the victory in the one-meter six-dive and the three-meter six-dive.Burke (267.55) barely outscored Birmingham-Southern College (Ala.) freshman Chaz Brouillette(265.45)in the one-meter. Burke and Brouillette faced-off again in the three-meter event; however,Brouillette's second-place score of 236.15 was no match for Burke's first-place score of 281.05."I'd say I had a good overall performance," Burke said. "I know I only pulled it off by about two points in the one-meter event, but it's always good to have close competition."Burke was named this week's University Athletic Association's (UAA) Athlete of the Week for his achievements in the invitational."I just want to keep putting forward the high level of diving I've been putting in and keep improving everyweek," Burke said. "I would really like to keep pulling off some more points for the team, so I'm looking forward to the rest of the season."Lutwyche and Botansky both executed strong performances for Emory's women's diving team.Botansky took second in the one-meter, capturing a score of 209.75. Not far behind, Lutwyche finishedthird with 199.65 points. The Eagles competed alongside each other again in the three-meter event, this time with Lutwyche emerging in second, with a score of 220.80. Botansky finished third with 194.70points.The Eagles return to the pool this Saturday, Nov. 5, in a dual meet versus Savannah College of Arts and Design (Ga.) at the Madeleine Jude Brown Aquatic Center in the WoodPEC. These meets are leading up to the high-stakes Miami University Invitational at Oxford, Ohio, Dec. 1, where many of the athletes willcompete to qualify for nationals.Madeline Lutwyche,a member of the Wheel's Editorial Board, had no part in the writing or editing of thisstory. .