Junior pitcher Brittany File threw her second career no-hitter vs. Huntingdon College (Ala.) this pastweekend. She was honored by the UAA for her performance in the 3n2 Elite Event. | Photo courtesy ofEmory Athletics.The Emory soft ball team started off the season by hosting the 3n2 Elite Event this past weekend. Theevent consisted of two teams: Agnes Scott College (Ga.) and Huntingdon College (Ala.). Both playedEmory twice, once on Saturday the 13th and once Sunday the 14th. Emory crushed its competition thisweekend, winning all four games by at least four runs.In the Eagles' first game on Saturday, they took on Agnes Scott College and easily won 19-1. The game ended in the fifth inning due to mercy rule. Emory had 17 hits led by junior first baseman Taylor Forte andsenior third baseman Melody Carter. The most impressive part of Emory's opener was their eleventh runfourth inning that clinched the win.Emory's second game Saturday was against Huntingdon College, and from the start, it was clear that junior pitcher Brittany File was going to dominate. File was absolutely brilliant, as she threw a no hitterover seven innings of work, leading Emory to a 7-0 win.File was locked in all game and struck out 14 batters. She never lost control and threw a game that few others are able to. This was File's second career no hitter after throwing a perfect game against RhodesCollege (Tenn.) just last year.In the win against Huntingdon, Forte shined once again by going three for four with a double. Junior rightfielder Amy Wray also had a double and two runs batted in to lead Emory to their second consecutivevictory.For the Eagle's first game on Sunday, they had a re match against Huntingdon College. The game ended with an Eagle win sand a final score of 7-3.The lady Eagles had 14 hits and were helped out by freshman shortstop Cassie Baca and out fielderJenna Wilson who had three and two hits, respectively. File started the game and picked up her third winafter throwing four innings and fanning seven hitters.For the final game of the weekend, Emory once again mercy ruled Agnes Scott College by crushing them 15-3.Emory had another offensive outburst, collecting 15 hits. One of the hitters to highlight is freshmancatcher Tori Risner, who had two hits with four runs batted in, including her first career home run.Sophomore pitcher Audrey Weller got the win, throwing four solid innings and striking out two.Emory's soft ball team plays again next weekend, as they will host DePauw University (Ind.) and AverettUniversity (Va.) in another 3n2 event on Saturday, Feb. 20 and Sunday, Feb. 21.