On April 11 at 5:27 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a complaint regarding kittenstrapped in a sewer. DeKalb County Fire Rescue called EPD after fire fighters determined that there was an unknown number of kittens trapped in the drain. Animal Services arrived and said that the kittens did not appear to be in distress. The kittens could not be removed because they were in an inaccessiblelocation, but an Animal Services worker said that the mother of the kittens would likely return onceAnimal Services and EPD left the area.On April 12 at 7:24 p.m., EPD received a call from Clairmont Tower regarding a theft. According to thecaller, the incident occurred between April 2 and April 3. A pair of Beats headphones, a Brooks Brotherswatch valued at $900, prescription medication, an Xbox One and $500 cash were taken from a room at the location. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On April 13 at 11:38 p.m., EPD received a report regarding an incident in the vicinity of 1000 ClairmontRoad. According to the report, an Emory student was walking home to an off-campus apartment when he was approached by two individuals wearing hooded sweatshirts. One of the them was carrying ahandgun. The individuals took the student's cell phone and wallet. The case is currently underinvestigation.On April 14 at 7:03 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Goizueta Business School. Astudent stated that a wallet was taken from somewhere in the Business School between noon and the time of the call. The student received a call later that day from some one who had found the wallet in the vicinity of 1400 Clairmont Road. Cash and credit cards were missing when the wallet was returned. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On April 15 at 2:57 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated student in the vicinity ofWoodruff Circle. A shuttle bus driver called EPD because the student appeared to be unconscious.Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (DAMR) arrived on the scene and transported the student to the hospital. Campus Life was notified.On April 15 at 8:47 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center(DUC). A student stated that she had attended an event at the DUC terraces between 6 and 7 p.m. and left her back pack at the bottom of the stairs near the post office. After the event, the student retrieved herbackpack but did not notice that property was missing until later that evening. During the event, her Acerlaptop, its charger and $100 cash were stolen. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 16 at 5:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft at Longstreet-Means ResidenceHall. A student stated that he had secured his Motobecane black road bike valued at $400 to a trash can with a cable lock. He claimed that the bike was stolen on April 15 between 1:15 and 4 p.m. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 16 at 6:01 p.m., EPD received a call regarding lost or misplaced property on Eagle Row. Astudent stated that they had left their wallet, which contained credit cards, in an Uber between March 20and April 1. According to the student, fraudulent purchases were made with the credit cards. The case has been assigned to a detective.On April 17 at 2:37 p.m., EPD responded to a break-in at the Candler Mansion on Emory's BriarcliffCampus. Officers received a call regarding an intrusion alarm that had been triggered; upon arrival at thelocation, officers noticed that two planks had been removed from the building and that a small hole had been made in an exterior door. Additional officers responded to the location, later coming in contact with a male and female there. The individuals said that they entered the premise but left after the alarm wentoff. Officers conducted a search of one of the subject's backpacks and found an exit sign from thelocation, two smoking pipes, a grinder and a green leafy substance. The officers issued a citation for possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. Facilities Management fixed the broken door.