University President Claire E. Sterk has launched two search advisory committees to determine which candidates will fill two Emory administrative positions. Following a series of administrative changes, theprovost and executive vice president for academic affairs (EVPAA) and the executive vice president for business and administration (EVPBA) positions are open to be permanently filled, according to SamuelCandler Dobbs Professor of African American Studies Carol Anderson.Permanent replacements for interim EVPAA Stuart Zola and interim EVPBA Peter Barnes will be announced Spring 2017, Anderson said.The search for the dean of Emory College of Arts and Sciences will be launched once the searches forprovost and EVPBA are underway, according to Hubert Professor at Emory's School of Medicine Carlosdel Rio, who is co-chair of the provost search committee with Anderson. The administration hopes to fill the position, currently occupied by interim dean Michael A. Elliott, before summer 2017, according to Emory News Center.The 14-member provost search committee is charged with finding the College's seventh provost and chief academic officer. They will work with search consultants from Heidrick & Struggles, whichspecializes in chief executive assignments."[College] rankings are important, but at the end of the day, it comes down to impact," del Rio said."We're looking for some one who shares Emory's mission to transform the world."Provost candidates will be identified and evaluated throughout Fall 2016 and early Spring 2017, del Riosaid. The committee will consider international candidates, Anderson added."Emory already has some of the top programs in the country," Anderson said. "We want [a provost] who will help make it the go-to place for policymakers, students and researchers."The top three provost candidates will be invited to campus in February to meet with Sterk, who will then make her selection, according to del Rio."We're looking for a leader with academic vision," Anderson said. "Someone who can move Emory to even greater heights and who knows how to work with a range of constituents."Steve Sencer, Emory's senior vice president and general counsel, will chair the search advisorycommittee for the EVPBA. Its six members will work with Neumann Executive Search Consulting, aconsulting firm that specializes in recruiting university administrators.The EVPBA oversees the University's business, financial and administrative units, which includeCampus Services, Finance, Human Resources, Information Technology, Internal Audit and InvestmentManagement. The EVPBA search's timeline will be similar to that of the provost committee, according to Emory News Center. The EVPBA search committee will also present its top candidates to PresidentSterk, who will make the final decision.