Sophomore Janelle Turnquest high-fives her coach on way in to home plate. | Photo Courtesy of EmoryAthletics.The No. 18 ranked Emory soft ball team started off the 2016 season with two decisive victories onSaturday, Feb. 20, beating No. 3 ranked DePauw University (Ind.) 6-1 and Averett University (Va.) 11-3.The Eagles used small ball to their advantage in toppling DePauw on Saturday morning. To start off the third inning, senior second baseman Hannah Sendel reached base with a walk. Junior outfielder AmyWray proceeded to sacrifice bunt Sendel over to second, allowing the Eagles to pinch run for Sendel withsophomore pitcher Raygan Greer in a run-scoring opportunity. With one out and Greer on second, seniorcatcher/third baseman Melody Carter belted a drive to deep center field for a triple. Carter's three-baggergave Emory their first run of the morning.With Carter on third and one out, senior outfielder Alyssa Pollard did what the team needed from her: a fly out to center that brought in Carter, making it 2-0, Eagles. With four successive batters, the Eagles posted two runs, utilizing a mixture of power and sacrifices to manufacture the morning's winning runs.Emory would continue to employ the small ball strategy in the fourth inning. Like the beginning of the thirdinning, the Eagles led the inning off with a walk, this time from freshman shortstop Cassie Baca. Bacawas bunted over by Wilson, then promptly pinch ran for by freshman outfielder Sam Vincent. Junior firstbaseman Taylor Forte then launched a double to left field, scoring Vincent from second base and making the score 3-0, Emory.In the sixth inning, Sendel extended Emory's lead to 6-0 by crushing a three-run homer with Baca andForte on base.Junior pitcher Brittany File earned the win, throwing for 5 2/3 innings, giving up zero runs and five hitswhile striking out five batters.Against Averett, Emory's bats shined, as they put the Cougars away in six innings. Senior outfielderAlyssa Pollard singled up the middle to plate two runs in the bottom of the second inning.The next inning, freshman catcher Lana Herrmann's three-run home run made the Emory lead 5-0. TheCougars responded to pull within a 5-3 margin in the top of the sixth inning, but the Eagles countered with six runs in the bottom of the inning to end the game.In the bottom frame, sophomore Janelle Turnquest hit a two-run homer, Carter hit an RBI single andBacca hit a double to score two runs, extending the lead to 10-3 and leaving the Eagles in need of one run to end the game on mercy rule. With the bases loaded and Turnquest up to bat for the second time in the inning, she walked to drive in the walk-off run that sent the crowd of 50 home.Unfortunately, the weekend's games would not be played in their entirety. The Eagles were originally slated to host double-headers on both Saturday and Sunday.In the third inning of the Eagles' Sunday morning game against DePauw, Sendel suffered a devastating injury to her ankle during a play in the field.Because of the shock and devastation of the situation, Emory's coaching staff felt the most appropriate course of action would be to stop the game and suspend the afternoon's game as well.Emory will play next on Feb. 27 when they travel to Raleigh, North Carolina to compete in the Grand Slam Triangle Classic.