Da vid Taviani | Flickr The last week at Emory has been a whirlwind of chalk, protests, emails from administrators and polemicmedia coverage. I believe that this latest campus controversy presents an opportunity for us as a student body and academic community to listen and learn, to take a step back from our preconceived notions of ourselves and of each other and to move forward to address better the issues facing ourcampus, our communities and our nation today.As members of a university, we should welcome the opportunity to be intellectually challenged instead of trying to shout one another down. Media coverage of the chalking incidents has sensationalized anddecontextualized the chalkings, the protests and the administration's response. We should not let themedia's coverage of this latest campus controversy allow us to become divided or hateful towards oneanother.Student protesters gathered in front of the Administration Building and demanded that they be listened to in order to share an issue that is significant to them.For many of them, the ubiquity of the chalking, the violation of Emory's chalking policies and the location near important centers of cultural identification (such as on the steps near the Centro Latino) on campus made the chalking feel personal, targeted and hurtful. It is not so difficult to imagine how a member of a minority that Donald Trump has targeted explicitly either through promises of a temporary ban,deportation, implications of police violence or hurtful rhetoric could feel that the chalking of his name oncampus was meant as something more than a simple endorsement of his candidacy for president.In fact, Trump's name as an implication of racist attitudes towards Hispanics, Muslims and other minorities can be evidenced by some high schools taunting minority-dominant teams with chants of"Trump! Trump! Trump!" at sporting events in Indiana and Iowa as recently as last month.It is not our place as a community or as individuals to judge whether or not minority students' reactions to a political statement is proportional, valid or justified. Freedom of speech does not mean getting to say whatever you want without disagreement and debate from your peers. However, there is a difference between disagreeing with a person's opinion and invalidating the protesters' emotional or intellectual responses to something because you cannot relate to their personal situation. Just as the student(s) had every right to chalk Trump's name all over campus, student protesters have the right to stand and chant in front of the Administration Building to protest against a man whose rhetoric and policies marginalizeminorities.Who are we to tell our peers what they should or should not feel? Disagreeing with someone's opinion or reaction should not immediately invalidate its worth in a discussion. Insulting and belittling our fellow students for their emotional and intellectual reactions in the wake of the Trump chalkings (something that they may feel very deeply affected by) are neither constructive nor productive; it only sets the tone for a more adversarial and polarized conversation.This is a call for us to listen more humbly in order to further a discussion on justice and race on our campus and in the United States. The next time you feel compelled to judge the reaction of a peer ofcolor, silence your judgment and open your mind in order to listen to the experience of a peer who is profoundly different from you — an experience that we are lucky and privileged to have at Emory.Embrace the opportunity to be challenged by and engaged with students who come from vastly differentincomes, racial and ethnic backgrounds and parts of the world. One of the most important things we can do during our time at Emory is to learn from each other, take a good look at ourselves and ask what we can do to make our communities, our nation and our world a more equal and just place.