On March 16 at 2:07 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft that occurred on Eagle Row. A female student notified officers that $30 in cash was removed from a wallet in her room in a sorority lodge between March 15 at 9:15 p.m. and March 16 at 7p.m. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On March 17 at 12:48 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at Clairmont Tower.An individual notified the police that there was a strong scent of marijuana coming from the main level.Officers searched the location but were unable to locate the source of any suspicious activity.On March 19 at 2:02 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Clairmont Building F. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EMS) and American MedicalResponse also arrived on the scene. The student had been drinking at an unknown off-campus location.The individual was not transported to the hospital. Campus Life was notified.On March 20 at 12:27 a.m., officers were patrolling Eagle Row when they observed an SUV blocking theroad. Officers noticed that a student was holding a can of beer in the middle of the road. Officers gave the student a citation for possessing an open container of an alcoholic beverage in a public area.On March 20 at 2:16 a.m., officers were on patrol when they observed two individuals smoking in the vicinity of the auditorium at the Woodruff Health Sciences Center Administration Building. When officers approached the individuals, they detected the odor of burnt marijuana and located a hand-rolled cigarettethat contained a substance which was later determined to be marijuana. The two students were issued a citation for possession of marijuana.On March 20 at 4:24 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center(DUC). A student called EPD claiming her iPhone 5S was stolen from a table in the building. During the same time period, there were four similar incidents, including a theft of another iPhone and a MacBookAir. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On March 21 at 1:28 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a fire at the Woodruff Residential Centerdining area. Officers arrived on the scene and met with De Kalb County Fire and Rescue and the buildingmanager. According to the manager, the electric griddle caught fire as employees were cleaning it. The fire was extinguished using a fire extinguisher before officers arrived. There was no damage to thebuilding.