On Sept. 21 at 12:23 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a student who was asleep on a toilet in the bath room at Kaldi's at the Depot. Emory Emergency Medical Services(EEMS) also responded. Officers woke the student up. The student said he or she must have accidentally fallen asleep in the bathroom. EPD transported the student to their residence at EmoryPoint.On Sept. 21 at 9:58 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Goizueta Business School. Astudent stated that an Apple MacBook Pro left in a third floor class room was missing upon the student'sreturn. The laptop is valued at $1,500. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Sept. 22 at 12:53 a.m., an EPD officer patrolling the Woodruff Health Sciences AdministrationBuilding (WHSCAB) reportedly smelled burnt marijuana and began walking the exterior of building to find the source of the smell. The officer observed a group of six Emory students jump down from thebuilding's roof. The group consisted of five males and one female. The officer called for them to stop. Thegroup told the officer they had been on the roof to look at the stars. The officer noticed that the burntmarijuana odor was coming from the students and located a glass pipe containing marijuana near them.The female student claimed possession of the marijuana. The other students denied involvement. Theofficer issued the female student a citation for possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. The female student was given a court date for the De Kalb County Magistrate Court. Campus Life wasnotified.On Sept. 22 at 3:49 p.m., EPD responded to a panic alarm from the Yerkes National Primate ResearchCenter (Yerkes) main building. Yerkes Animal Care Technician James Patrick was reported to be in possession of a firearm. Prior to officers arriving on the scene, Patrick relinquished the firearm. Whenofficers arrived on the scene, they secured the fire arm and found Patrick sitting in a conference room,talking to Yerkes Director R. Paul Johnson. Officers handcuffed Patrick, searched his person and belongings for additional weapons and read him his Miranda rights. He was then transported to EPD forfurther questioning.On Sept. 23 at 4:56 a.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity house located at 18 Eagle Row. SAE Fraternity House Director Josephine Mak told officers that an unknown fraternity member had tried to cook a hamburger directly on the top of a stove burner, creating a large amount of smoke. There were no signs of a fire, and no damage was reported.On Sept. 23 at 3:30 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an attempted car theft in the LowergateSouth Visitor's Parking Deck. There was a small hole drilled into the door below the lock on the driver'sside, a common method of breaking into cars, according to EPD. Nothing was missing from the car,which belonged to a contracted Emory employee.On Sept. 24 at 11:07 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft in the Dobbs University Center(DUC). The theft was reported to have happened between 7 p.m. and 11:30 p.m. Sept. 23. The individual said he or she left a backpack in the DUC after a meal. When the individual returned to retrieve thebackpack, an Apple MacBook was missing. The laptop is valued at $1,600. The case has been assigned to a detective.