* EMORY — Sorority Pi Beta Phi is now occupying the H Lodge in Emory's Sorority Village, a previouslyon-designated space. All 24 rooms spots are filled by members of the sorority, which was colonized onEmory's campus Spring 2016. Asian-interest sorority Delta Phi Lambda has moved to an off-campuslocation, opening B Lodge to non-Greek students.* EMORY – Yesterday, Emory College Council (CC) announced a semester-long pilot program to provide free tampons in three locations on campus in partnership with Campus Services. The program will operate in the main bath room at the Dobbs University Center (DUC), main bath room in White Hall and on the first and second floors of Woodruff Library, according to CC's Facebook page. If deemedsuccessful, the program will be renewed and institutionalized in partnership with Office of Health Promotion and Student Health Services.* ATLANTA, Ga. — A double shooting occurred in southwest Atlanta at the Chevron gas station on Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive SW Monday, according to NBC 11Alive. Both victims were male, with one in critical condition and the other alert and breathing. Police have not yet identified a shooter or a motive.* WASHINGTON, D.C. — The 114th U.S. Congress resumed its second session yesterday after aseven-week break.. Legislators' main concern is to find a method to fund the government after the fiscal year ends on Sept. 30, according to The New York Times. This legislation will likely involve funds for flood relief efforts in Louisiana and for research to combat Zika, the Times' said.* WASHINGTON, D.C. — Georgetown University said Thursday it will grant admissions preference to the descendants of families involved in the University's role in the slave trade, according to The Washington Post. The declaration was an attempt to make amends for the University's sale of 272slaves in 1838. The trade's original purpose was to pay the University's debts, and ultimately earned the institution $115,000, or $3.3 million in today's currency, according to the Post.* SAN JOSE, Calif. — Brock Turner, a former Stanford University swimmer charged for sexual assaultMarch 2016, was released from jail Friday after serving half of a six-month sentence, according to TheGuardian. Turner was released early for good behavior, and news of his release sparked protests bywomen's rights and victim advocacy groups. According to CBS News, the protesters, includingneighbors, rallied outside Turner's childhood home as he moved back in with his parents.