Senior catcher Melody Carter was one of the many Eagles with a big weekend at the plate. Emory fell to Salisbury in the tournament final. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsEmory soft ball had a strong showing this past weekend, finishing the week end with a 3-1 record. Emorydefeated Meredith College (N.C.), Washington College (Md.) and Rowan University (N.J.) before falling to Salisbury University (Md.).Emory started their weekend series against Meredith, winning 16-5. Sophomore pitcher Audrey Wellerpitched a pair of innings and got the win, with freshmen Toko Miller and Madeline Maday combining for the remaining three. While Emory gave up five runs, only two were earned. At the plate, Emory had several outstanding players. Junior first baseman Taylor Forte had a pair of doubles and drove in tworuns. Four other Eagles drove in two or more runs as well , including senior catcher Melody Carter,freshman second baseman Jessica MacWilliams, sophomore utility player Janelle Turnquest andfreshman catcher Lana Herrmann. Herrmann and freshman catcher Tori Risner homered in the game.The second game of the four game set was against Washington College, which Emory won 16-1.Washington College struggled in the field, committing an egregious six errors over the course of the fiveinning game. Carter had another big game, going two for three with a double, a walk and four RBI.Turnquest and junior second baseman Amy Wray each drove in a pair of runs as well. Freshmanoutfielder Jenna Wilson went two for three with three runs. On the mound, pitcher Brittany File threwthree innings, giving up a run while striking out six. She was relieved by Weller, who threw a pair of perfect innings to finish the game out.On the first of the two Sunday games, Emory defeated the ninth-ranked Rowan University squad by a score of 9-1. Forte finished the game three for three. Sophomore first baseman Ashley Powers andfreshman shortstop Cassie Baca each home red as well. File got the win, improving her record to 7-0 onthe season. She threw all six innings, striking out eight in the process.Emory's final game of the weekend saw the team's first loss of the season in an extra-innings nail biteragainst Salisbury University. File threw the entire game, allowing seven runs while striking out 10. Filestruggled with the long ball, allowing three home runs over the course of the game. The Eagles struggledas a team at the plate, notching only four hits on the afternoon. Forte, Herrmann and Powers each drove in a pair of runs. Herrman's came on a two run homer in the second inning.After the weekend, the Eagles now stand with a 9-1 record on the season. Emory will retake the field onSunday, March 8 against Lake Forest College (Ill.).