On Oct. 18 at 6:30 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a hit-and-run atStarvine Parking Deck. The caller said she was waiting in line to enter the deck when a white pickuptruck pulled into the visitor exit, began reversing and struck the passenger side of her vehicle. Shehonked her horn, but the driver drove away. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 18 at 2:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding public indecency at the Robert W. WoodruffLibrary patio. An Emory student said she was sitting on the west corner of the patio when a male approached her and exposed his penis. She provided photographs that she took of the subject to thepolice. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 19 at 12:49 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint on the sixth floor of Clairmont Tower. Ananonymous complainant reported that they heard multiple people screaming obscenities for more than two hours. When officers arrived, they heard loud music coming from a room, knocked on the door and spoke with the students inside. Officers asked the students to lower the volume, and they complied.Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 19 at 6:30 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Lower gate South Parking Deck.An Emory student reported that they parked their car around 4:10 p.m., ran into Emory University School of Law and returned around 4:25 p.m. to find their brown messenger bag and laptop missing. The student said they accidently left the car door unlocked. The items are valued at a total of $850. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 19 at 6:45 p.m., EPD responded to a theft at the Woodruff P.E. Center. An Emory graduatestudent reported his Nike bookbag, Timberland boots, MacBook Pro, iPhone 6 and two textbooks stolenfrom a locker on ground floor. The student said he placed the items in the locker around 6 p.m. and came back half an hour later to find them missing. The items are valued at a total of $4,115. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 21 at 11:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call from a shuttle bus driver regarding public intoxication at Woodruff Circle. When officers arrived on the scene they spoke to the subject, a 21-year-old Emorystudent, attempting to board a shuttle. The student reported he was coming from a party where he had five shots and played beer pong. The student called another Emory student to pick him up. The second student arrived and told police he would care for his friend, and they left. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 22 at 1:12 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a person under the influence of alcohol at the Clairmont Campus Building D. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS), DeKalb Fire and Rescue and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) also arrived on the scene. Friends of the student toldpolice the student had recently turned 21, and they were all celebrating. They said she consumed fiveshots of vodka and then experienced a panic attack. The student declined further medical treatment or transport to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 23 at 3:45 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft on the seventh floor of ClairmontTower. An Emory student reported her keys and Louis Vuitton wallet missing. She said she had placed her keys in the apartment door around 3:20 a.m. and then went to the lobby. When she returned around3:45 a.m., the keys and her wallet were missing. The wallet contained credit cards, debit cards, $5 cashand her Emory ID. The wallet is valued at $200. The case has been assigned to an investigator.