On Oct. 10 at 4:47 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft bydeception. An Emory student said that she listed her silver MacBook Pro on Craigslist for $500 Oct. 1.The next day, some one interested in buying the laptop contacted her, asking the student to ship it to Texas and offering an extra $200. The sale was finalized Oct. 4 at 9:20 a.m. The student sent the package through United States Postal Service (USPS), but realized she was given false contactinformation from the buyer. The total value of the theft is $550. The case has been assigned to adetective.On Oct. 11 at 11:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding multiple thefts at Robert W. WoodruffLibrary. Library security called EPD after locating two student backpacks reported missing earlier thatmorning. An Emory student had reported her back pack missing. She said her back pack contained alaptop, a wallet with credit cards, headphones, textbooks and prescription medications. Everything but the credit cards, medication and head phones valued at $100 was recovered. Another Emory student had also reported his backpack, containing a laptop and cigarettes, missing. When the back pack wasrecovered, only the cigarettes were missing. Both students were studying on the fifth floor when the theftoccurred, and both bags were found outside library room 559 by campus security. This case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 14 at 1:21 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Cherry Logan Emerson Hall. AnEmory staff member reported that both her personal credit cards and her Emory University card had been stolen some time between Oct. 12 at 11 a.m. and Oct. 13 at 8 p.m. The staff member cancelled hercards, and the case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 14 at 9:16 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft on the third floor of Smith Hall. AnEmory student realized her credit cards were missing after her mother informed her of large amounts of activity on the cards. The student reported that she had left her room door unlocked but that nothing else was missing. Transactions for $665 at Nordstrom and $372.70 at Macy's were made on the missingcards. The student cancelled her cards, and the case has been assigned to a detective. Campus Lifewas notified.On Oct. 15 at 12:19 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a noise complaint at the Alpha Tau Omega(ATO) fraternity house, located at 12 Eagle Row. Officers arrived on the scene and heard loud music coming from the ATO house. They met with ATO vice president and College junior Jonathan Kaminski and asked him to turn down the music. He complied immediately. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 15 at 12:49 a.m., EPD responded to call regarding a noise complaint at the Alpha Epsilon Pi(AEPi) fraternity house, located at 17 Eagle Row. The caller reported that they had asked multiplemembers of the house to end the party for more than 20 minutes before calling EPD. Officers heardmusic coming from the AEPi house as they arrived on the scene and directed house members to turn down the volume. After the music was turned down, people began to leave the area. Campus Life wasnotified.On Oct. 15 at 11:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding under age drinking. Officers arrived at Thomas Hall and spoke with an intoxicated 18-year-old Emory student and his friends. EmoryEmergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on thescene. The student refused medical transport and was left in the care of his friends. EPD was called again regarding under age drinking Oct. 16 at 12:58 a.m. by the same friends for the same student.EEMS also responded. The student refused transport again and was left in the care of his ResidentAdvisor (RA).On Oct. 16 at 2:04 a.m., EPD responded to call regarding battery at F Lodge of Sorority Village, locatedat 11 Eagle Row. The suspect, later identified as Daniel Goldstein, was reportedly invited into F Lodge,which houses sorority Sigma Delta Tau (SDT), by an Emory student. After being asked to leave, he began smoking outside the residence and said he would not leave unless he received money for an Uberride. When students denied this request, he reportedly moved aggressively toward someone beforegrabbing another student by the throat and pushing her to a wall. When two more students intervened,Goldstein reportedly threw both students to the ground, after being kicked by one of them. Goldstein then left the residence, throwing a plastic table on his way out. EEMS and DeKalb AMR arrived on the scene.Goldstein, a 21-year-old white male with blonde hair and a beard, is not an Emory student. EPD arrestedGoldstein after locating him at the patio of The Depot by Kaldi's Coffee, located at 1 Eagle Row.Goldstein was transported to De Kalb County Jail. Campus Life Professional (CLP) Greg Hollinger was on scene at the time.