Courtesy of AProd AgencyDJ R3hab will kick off this year's Homecoming concerts Friday, Sept. 23 on McDonough Field,according to a Student Programming Council (SPC) Facebook post today. Alternative rock band SmashMouth will perform the next day at 2 p.m., SPC announced in mid-August.Fadil El Ghoul, known by his stage name, R3hab, has re mixed songs for the likes of Katy Perry, LadyGaga and David Guetta. The Dutch DJ has also played at music festivals around the world, includingTomorrowland.Multiplatinum and Grammy-nominated band Smash Mouth, formed in 1994, is best known for its top hits,including "All-Star" and "I'm a Believer."Smash Mouth shared their excitement in an email to the Wheel. "Every college we've ever played at wasawesome," the band members wrote.Neither artist has previously performed at Emory.SPC Band Party Chairs, Goizueta Business School senior David Lawson and College senior RobbieJacobs, began this year's Homecoming artist selection in May. Lawson and Jacobs said they startedcontacting talent agencies that month, ultimately negotiating with William Morris Endeavor Entertainmentto book R3hab and with Monterey International to book Smash Mouth."We would reach out to different talent agencies to get their rosters for the specific budget that we'reworking with," Jacobs said. "We selected certain artists [to pursue] based on what we feel the Emorystudents would like, as well as … a reasonable artist for the budget."Jacobs declined to provide specifics about SPC's Homecoming budget.The chairs and talent agencies communicated mostly over email, Jacobs said. "Based on [thoseinteractions], we'll negotiate a number," he said. "We then come to an agreement that both parties feel comfortable with and from there, we then send out a contract." The specifics of such contracts areconfidential, he said.Knowledge surrounding negotiations was kept among Jacobs, Lawson and Student EngagementCoordinator and SPC advisor Vernon Smith to keep contracts confidential, Jacobs said.SPC Lead Publicity Officer and College senior Will Warren, who has been working to develop promotional materials for R3hab, said that he looks forward to the DJ's performance."I personally love DJs and I think they're fun to bring on campus," Warren said.Anwesha Guha contributed reporting.