The undergraduate student body is swamped by midterms, visible by the number of people swarming the libraries and the EPASS tutors with last-minute revisions. Students should not be annoyed at the idea of mid terms (barring the fact that this is definitely not the middle of the term), and should instead see them as a means to test their knowledge and identify areas on which they need to improve.Dear Doolino,I just took my Chemistry 141 midterm, and let's just say it did not go well. I got a D! Should I drop chemistry even though I need it to get into Harvard Medical School?From,King DDDDear King DDD,Your academic career is not a single block, but rather a collection of tiny pieces that come together to form a magnificent structure. Every test you take is naught but a mere grain of sand in the desert that is your desired dream. Often, you do not know the form that this final structure will assume, but do know that it is the right form for you.Your chemistry midterm may not have gone well, but you will have plenty of opportunities across the semester to impress yourself. I am not going to "Bohr" you with any more details, but keep in mind that there is a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the future, so work your hardest till the end to reap the fruits you deserve!EPASS, peers and office hours are great ways to review whatever went wrong, so that next time you can strike your exam like a squirt of water into a beaker of boiling oil.DoolinoDear Doolino,I'm trying to study for my midterms, but nobody around me will shut up! There I am, with my notebook on the floor of Cox Hall, and people just keep talking, disrespecting my desire for a quiet place to work!What do I do?From,Cox Out For HarambeDear Cox Out For Harambe,Judging by your username, I could instantly tell this would be a bizarre question.Firstly, just know that there are more people at Cox Hall than there are freshmen at Maggie's. Plan for this accordingly, and choose a more zen place for you to go about your studying. Robert W. Woodruff(especially the stacks) and Candler Library are serene and quiet options sure to motivate you to do a great amount of studying. Woodruff Health Sciences Center Library on 1462 Clifton Rd. is also tranquil;seeing the studious medical students work furiously to ensure their futures will fill you with determination.Residence halls have fantastic study lounges that cater to all tastes, from memorizing dates in history to writing advice columns for The Emory Wheel.For some people, music is a great way to reduce atmospheric noise levels. Perhaps the overly upbeattunes of DJ Rehab (who everyone is now a number one fan of thanks to this past Friday) would bedistracting, but some soft piano jazz or classical music can really do wonders for your concentration.Additionally, make sure you are well-fed before you start working, otherwise you will get distracted.Doolino