Photo courtesy of Flickr Creative CommonsOn Jan. 17 at 5:08 a.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a suspicious individual at Smith Hall. An unknown male was knocking on doors and entering rooms. When officersarrived, they found the individual in the women's restroom on the first floor. The individual appeared to be very intoxicated and was unable to find his room. Emergency Medical Services (EMS) arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital.On Jan. 18 at 1:34 a.m., EPD responded to a report of suspicious activity at Harris Hall. An RA reported the odor of marijuana coming from one of the rooms within the building. When officers arrived at thescene, they met with the individual who resides in the room from which the scent was coming. Officers determined that the student had an outstanding warrant for failure to appear in court. The student was taken into custody and transported to De Kalb County Jail. Campus Life was notified.On Jan. 19 at 12:33 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual smoking marijuana in the third floor study room of Tur man Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, they met with an RA at the location.Inside the lounge, officers found an empty pill bottle and a green leafy substance scattered on the carpet.Officers were unable to collect any of the substance for testing. The student involved in the incident was not charged. The case was turned over to Campus Life.On Jan. 20 at 2:24 a.m., officers noticed suspicious individuals outside the Woodruff Health SciencesCenter Administration Building (WSHCAB). Officers detected the distinct odor of burnt marijuana as they approached the individuals. After speaking with the individuals, officers were able to determine that they were students. The three students denied smoking marijuana. Officers also found a roach, commonly associated with a marijuana cigarette, at the location. Officers did not press any charges as there was not enough unburned marijuana in the roach to test. Campus Life was notified of the incident. Accordingto EPD, the area at which the individuals were smoking is commonly used to smoke marijuana.On Jan. 20 at 1:07 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at 17 Eagle Row, the Alpha Epsilon Pi fraternity house. The victim reported that he left for class at 9:50 a.m. and when hereturned, his Toyota Camry was covered in mustard and pine straw. He cleaned the vehicle beforeofficers arrived. There was no permanent damage to the vehicle.On Jan. 21 at 4:21 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding solicitation at the Starbucks in the Oxford Road Building. A 50 year old male had a lot of jewelry spread across a table. The store manager told the individual that he wasn't allowed to sell jewelry there. The individual packed up his items and finished hisbeverage.On Jan. 22 at 1:36 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the Peavine Parkingdeck. When officers arrived on the scene, they found individuals removing booted tires from a greyAcura. The individuals were replacing the booted tires with other tires so they could drive it. The car had been booted because there were numerous unpaid parking citations associated with the vehicle.On Jan. 23 at 1:12 p.m., EPD received a call regarding a burglary at a Clairmont Tower apartment. The incident occurred during winter break, between Dec. 14 and Jan. 12. The student said that he left the building and left the door to his apartment unlocked. When he returned, the room had been cleaned andreorganized but his golf bag, floor fan and seven books were missing. The case is under investigation.— Compiled by Crime Beat Writer Brandon Fuhr