"Oh, you're a freshman."This simple sentence is heard countless times as one walks through Emory's campus in August andSeptember. The start of a new academic year brings over a thousand new faces to campus. Whether this sentence is a response to questions of "Where is the library?" or "What time does the DUC close?"the "Oh" references the campus-specific information that freshmen tend to lack. Here are a few Emorybasics for the class of 2020 as they join the Emory community.Academics:"Club Libs": This phrase usually refers to Woodruff Library. The most important places in the library are the Matheson Reading Room, the first floor and the stacks. The reading room is located on the third floor,and although dead-silent, is popular for its Hogwarts-esque feel. Peet's Coffee is located on the first floor and gives students the caffeine and nutrients they need to succeed (in exchange for Dooley Dollars).The first floor is a popular study spot, apart from Peet's, because of its abundant whiteboards and low noise environment. Although some prefer the stacks, it's sometimes eery silence is understood to be a necessary evil during times of crisis (i.e. paper due the next morning that you haven't started writing).The stacks are also rumored to be a popular place for "private dates" on campus. During the regular school year, the library is open until midnight Monday through Thursday, but during finals week, it is open24/7.Passing your classes: Emory is ranked 21st among national universities by U.S. News and WorldReport. Suffice it to say, school can be challenging. Luckily, Emory has resources in place to help students succeed academically. Mentoring programs, such as Chem Mentors and Bio Mentors, offergroup study environments in which students who have previously taken those classes can help currentstudents. Additionally, the Writing Center and EPASS Peer Tutoring offer individualized tutoring sessionsby trained students at a time that the student chooses. All of these services are free. (Shocking, I know!)Food:The DUC: The Dobbs University Center is meal swipe central. Although it can become tiresome, by the end of first semester, most students will have mastered the DUC, whether that means taking advantage of the gluten-free and vegan lines when time is of the essence, or using various lines to make new food combinations like cheesy fries. If you open up your mind (and maybe lower your standards a little), you may find that the DUC offers a whole world of possibilities. For upperclassmen, these once-hated swipesturn into a hot commodity. Don't be scared if a scary looking guy approaches you; he probably just wants one of your free swipes.Dooley Dollars: Dooley Dollars can be spent at Cox, Kaldi's Coffee, The Depot by Kaldi's, Starbucks,Highland Bakery, the WREC and more. Freshmen tend to spend their 150 Dooley Dollars on Emoryfavorites such as Blue Donkey and King of Pops. Dooley Dollars are highly valued because they provide an escape from the DUC, offer more convenient options and make purchases tax free.Social:The Row: Eagle Row is home to the fraternities and sororities on campus, as well as the med housing,including the Black Student Alliance (BSA) house and Media, Literacy and Arts Outreach (MLAO) house.The lodges, which house the sororities, do not have parties. If a sorority hosts a function, it will take place at another venue. In contrast, fraternities and the the med houses often have parties and other events on the Row itself. The fraternities at Georgia Tech host parties that Emory students frequent when the Row is having a quiet night.Clubs and Bars: Mansion Elan is a space that holds events a few times a year and is a favorite amongunderclassmen. These 18+ parties offer a night out at the club for those that aren't of age. For those who are 21+, Maggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill is perhaps the most classic Emory late night spot.Although Mags is often the place many students go after their first few parties, the bar could truly be a night out entirely on its own. Many upperclassmen spend their Wednesday nights at MJQ, a local club.Some even venture into Buckhead and other areas to try new bars and clubs for an adventurous nightsout.