Sophomore Daniel Pietsch set the school record for the 400m dash this weekend at the SamfordInvitational meet. | Photo courtesy of Emory Athletics.Both the men's and women's track and field teams turned in strong performances at the SamfordInvitational in Birmingham (Ala.) on Friday and Saturday, with two Eagles breaking in door schoolrecords.On the women's side, senior Aileen Rivell earned her place in the Emory record books with a dazzling performance in the 3,000-meter run, posting a time of 10:03.38, which broke the old record by over fourseconds. The time was good enough to place second overall in the event.For the men, sophomore Daniel Pietsch ran a blistering 48.09 in the 400m dash, which not only topped the school record by almost half a second, but also earned him the fastest time in Division III thisseason.Although the meet wasn't scored, both teams had a number of strong individual races against toughcompetition. The in vitational included runners from a number of Division I schools, including the University of Georgia, the University of Alabama and Texas State University.The women's team dominated the 5,000-meter run, with sophomore Tru Powell and junior Sophie Cemajcrossing the line in first and second, respectively. Senior Julie Williamson ran in the top heat in the 800meter run and finished in fifth among a crowded field with a time of 2:15.25.A couple of fresh men turned in big performances as well. Freshman Clare Ubersax finished ninth in the mile run with a time of 5:14.01, leading a crowd of underclassman Emory runners including sophomoreGabrielle Stravach (19th) and Gabrielle Rudolph (21st). Freshman Amanda Martin finished ninth in the3,000-meter run, behind the record-setting Rivell and just ahead of Emory sophomore Abigail Hotaling,who finished eleventh.The men's team saw sophomore Max Brown win the mile run with a time of 4:11.74, with junior MichaelMcBane not far behind, finishing tenth. Sophomore Shane Sullivan grabbed second place in the 5,000meter run, while junior Michael Sisario was tenth.The Emory men performed well in the field events as well. Senior Max Hoberman finished eighth in the triple jump, and freshman Zachary Lembersky earned tenth place in the weight throw.The Eagles will travel to Sewanee (Tenn.) on Friday, Feb. 19 for the Sewanee Indoor Invitational. It'll be the final meet for both teams before the University Athletic Association (UAA) Indoor Championships,hosted by New York University (NY) on Feb. 27 and 28.