All David Ghantt ever really wanted was adventure, and he takes the audience along with him for anhour-and-a-half of side-splitting comedy in Masterminds. With a star-studded cast including ZachGalifianakis, Owen Wilson, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones and Jason Sudeikis and directorJared Hess, Masterminds was bound for comedic success.Masterminds follows the rural, redneck life of the simple and awkward yet lovable Ghantt (ZachGalifianakis), a blue-collar armored vehicle driver tasked with transporting millions of dollars worth of cash for Loomis, Fargo & Co. every day. Ghantt's life is presented as hilariously unfortunate, with aneerily distant fiancée (Kate McKinnon), a beat-up truck with a flimsy sheet of plywood for the driver'sdoor and a cringeworthy bowl cut paired with Galifianakis' signature scruffy beard. He soon meets KellyCampbell (Kristen Wiig), an adventurous and ambitious coworker on whom Ghantt quickly develops acrush. Aware of Ghantt's infatuation with her, Campbell, with encouragement from her friend SteveChambers (Owen Wilson), coerces him into assisting them in stealing $17 million in cash from Loomis,Fargo & Co., where gullible Ghantt has easy access to a vault full of money. After the robbery, Ghanttescapes to Mexico with a measly $20,000 in the naive hope that Campbell will join him. Afraid thatGhantt will reveal his identity to the police, Chambers sends a psychotic hitman, Mike McKinney (JasonSudeikis), after him in Mexico, where they quickly become best friends.Seems too hilarious to be true? Well, it is. Masterminds is based off of the 1997 Loomis, Fargo & Co.vault robbery of over $17 million in Charlotte, N.C.. The investigation of the heist was broadcast across the nation, as it was one of the largest cash robberies in the history of the United States at the time,second only to an almost identical robbery of $18 million just a few months earlier. The FBI recovered all but two million of the stolen cash and, after a seven-year sentence in prison, Ghantt lives out his days peacefully as a part-time movie consultant.The Masterminds cast does a fantastic job satirizing the stupidity of Ghantt and the Loomis heist. Theactors bring their own strengths and comedic styles to their characters. Galifianakis brings the samegoofy, too-sweet-for-his-own-good character that had viewers reeling with laughter in The Campaign(2012) but with an added twist of bravery, as Ghantt will do just about anything for Campbell's love. Atone point, Ghantt and Campbell go to a makeshift shooting range, where Ghantt spins a loaded gun around his pointer finger, à la Clint Eastwood, and sticks it between his buttcheeks. Unsurprisingly, the gun goes off, ripping a hole in the seat of his pants and grazing the skin off his rear end. With a classicsouthern twang, Ghantt lightheartedly remarks, "it feels like it just grazed my biscuits right there in betwixt them."Another classic one-liner occurs when Ghantt and his fiancée Janice pose ridiculously for their engagement photos. One pose involves Janice lying on top of Ghantt when he exclaims. "You fartedright into my butthole! It's like a fart transplant." Perhaps the most gruesomely funny scene depicted is when Ghantt eats a dead tarantula after Campbell tells him that he'll need to learn to live off the land while hiding out in Mexico. Ghantt squeezes the entire tarantula into his mouth and bites down on it, and a nasty spurt of orange goo shoots out of its hairy abdomen, much to the horror of the audience. This sort of slapstick humor starkly contrasts the dry, sarcastic humor of other Galifianakis characters and possibly even Galifianakis himself, as in his hit YouTube interview series Between Two Ferns. Ithighlights Galifianakis' versatility as a comedian, proving to the audience that he can take on a completely new role and nail it, but still emanate the silly humor that makes him so easy to identify.The Masterminds cinematographer, Erik Wilson, orchestrates a setting of dull colors, like warm browns and oranges, while the characters sport rather trashy, bright colors, like vibrant blues, whites and pinks.The walls of Ghantt's house are lined with brown, wooden panels while Ghantt wears an entirely whitetuxedo with a camoflague cumberbund and bow tie in preparation for his wedding. These color schemesstay true to the rural 1990s setting and accurately reflect the cheesily flamboyant way in which one would expect country bumpkins to dress after suddenly obtaining millions of dollars. The 90s setting ishumorously contradicted by a very modern soundtrack of up beat hip-hop songs about money, like FloRida's "Zillionaire."Although I was a bit worried that the cast of huge comedians would feel disconnected from one another,the actors blended together harmoniously, strengthening each other's performance. Masterminds is undoubtedly one of the best new comedies I have seen in a while with consistently outrageous humor. Itkept me and the entire theater in gut-wrenching laughter throughout the entire film.Grade: A