On Sept. 7 at 4:37 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a laptop theft at the Woodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC). An individual left an Apple MacBook Pro in an unlocked locker on the fourth floor between 2 p.m. and 3:30 p.m., and when the individual returned, the laptop was missing.The laptop is valued at $3,000.On Sept. 9 at 12:53 a.m., an EPD officer was flagged down by a female driving a Hyundai Elantra&lrm;.The driver told the officer that she had been working for Lyft, a ride-sharing service, when an individual dressed in a toga entered the vehicle holding an open container. The complainant said she refused to drive him with an open beverage container and told him to exit the vehicle three times. When the individual left the vehicle, he slammed the door.On Sept. 10 at 4:06 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual who was soliciting femalestudents outside Robert W. Woodruff Library. According to the complainant, a male suspect was handing out business cards encouraging female students to compete in a modeling contest in late September for a $1,500 prize. By the time officers arrived at the location, the individual had left the area. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Sept. 10 at 5:50 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol near Robert W. Woodruff Library. When officers arrived at the location, they found a male individualvomiting into a trash can. The individual said that he had four or five drinks at Slice & Pint and was walking through campus to catch a shuttle to Clairmont Campus. DeKalb American Medical Response(AMR) and Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Sept. 10 at 9:21 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol at Peavine Parking Deck. Officers came in contact with the individual, who was passed out in a vehicle and surrounded by vomit. EEMS and DeKalb AMR also arrived on the scene. The individual in the vehicle told the officers that she had been drinking at a graduate student party on McDonough Field but was unable to drive her vehicle. The individual refused transport to the hospital, and officers transported the individual to her house. Campus Life was notified.