Photo Courtesy of Emory AthleticsEmory's women's soccer team kicks off this week with high expectations for the upcoming season.Last season, the Eagles recorded the team's 27th straight season with a winning record, finishing 8-6-4.However, they struggled in the University Athletic Association (UAA) conference with a 1-3-3 record,finishing seventh in the conference.The Eagles' struggles last season were to be expected, as they only had six upper classmen comparedto 22 underclassmen. Now that the current juniors have acquired more experience, the Eagles are looking to be more competitive this season.The sophomores will also play a large role for the Eagles — they will be valuable in starting situations as well as coming off the bench. In addition to the experience gained by the members of the team, theEagles are adding eight freshmen.Because the team as a whole is now more experienced, Head Coach Sue Patberg has risen herexpectations: "Last year, we were so young, and we really depended on the younger players. Now with the team being older and more experienced, we have a higher expectation this season.""We are used to being one of the top teams in the conference, so this shows that we have to workharder, prepare better and be better after last year's seventh performance," she added.Only two seniors are returning to the Eagles this season. Because of the lack of seniors on the team,both defender Hannah Meyer and forward Cristina Ramirez are going to have to carry a larger burden.Ramirez — who led the team in goals and assists last season — is taking her role as a senior seriouslythis season."My position is really to be a role model to the younger players on how they play and to make them better while also contributing on the field myself," Ramirez said.Meyer, a captain for the third straight year, was phenomenal on defense and was also the only member of the Emory squad who was named to the All-UAA First Team."[The seniors] will have a huge impact on the team; they are great players on the field, but their leadership is equally important," Patberg said. "They set the expectation and the tone for the program,which is going to be important to the culture of the team."Along with Meyer, three returning players were selected for All-UAA awards. Juniors Melinda Altamore,Melissa Ardizzone and Anna Gurney received honorable mentions last year and are looking to improve this season.With eight starters returning, the Eagles will be better equipped for this season. Already, they have seen improvement in their scrimmages and are excited to get the season underway. Patberg expects the team to finish in the top three in the conference despite tough competition.The Eagles' season begins against Averett University (Va.) Thursday, Sept. 1, in Charlotte, N.C.