Junior forward Austin DaGue holds the ball during Emory's loss against Case Western this pastweekend. | Courtesy of Emory AthleticsThe Emory men's basketball team split a pair of road games this weekend, beating Carnegie MellonUniversity (Pa.) 83-68 on Friday and stumbling against Case Western Reserve University (Ohio) 88-78on Sunday.The Eagles started off with one of their highest scoring halves of the season, netting 53 points against theTartans, nearly doubling their opponent's total of 27. While the Carnegie Mellon outscored Emory by 11 in the second half, the Eagles' sizable lead weathered the storm and allowed the Eagles to come out ontop. And because of the team's large lead, every Eagles player saw the floor — a rarity in the college game these days.Emory had four players score in double figures: senior forwards Will Trawick and Davis Rao, juniorguard Jonathan Terry and sophomore forward Adam Gigax. Gigax led the team with 20 points on an efficient seven for 13 night from the field. He also added five rebounds. Rao had 15 points and Trawickand Terry each had 11 points. Sophomore guard Whit Rapp facilitated the offense for Emory, notchingeight assists to go with his eight points.While Friday's game saw a lot of Eagles on the floor, Sunday was a little different. During their 88-78 lossto Case Western, Emory had six players finish with 24 or more minutes, and no other player get to 10.The real x-factor in the game was three-point-shooting. While both teams essentially shot 40 percentfrom the field overall, Case Western shot 50 percent (15 for 30) from three compared to 19 percent forEmory (5 for 27).The Eagles once again had four players reach double figures — Junior forward Austin DaGue, whofinished with 12 points and eight rebounds, joined Trawick (19 points), Rao (14 points) and Gigax (13points) in the double figures. Trawick finished the game with a double-double, thanks to his 10 rebounds.Terry played well off the bench, ending the game with nine points and eight rebounds.The Eagles will be on the road again this weekend, when they close out the season versus Rochester(N.Y) on Saturday, Feb. 27.