Courtesy of Chris BartelskiAurora Theater's In the Heights did not necessarily reach the potential it could have, but a unique combination of lighting, special effects and dance let the musical shine and evoke a sense of surrealism to the audience.After a successful year for Lin-Manuel Miranda's Hamilton, it is wise of Theatrical Outfit and AuroraTheatre to work on a joint production of Miranda's earlier musical, In the Heights. This production,starring Emory University alumnus Garrett Turner as Benny, is running from Sept. 8 to 18 at the RialtoCenter for the Arts in downtown Atlanta.Miranda composed the plot, music and lyrics based on Quiara Alegria Hudes' book. In the Heights tookBroadway in 2008, winning numerous Tony Awards for best musical, score, choreography andorchestration. This Atlanta production of Heights brings a fresh and relevant show to the Atlanta theatercommunity.Documenting the relationships amongst a largely Hispanic community in the Washington Heightsneighborhood of Manhattan, In the Heights tells the narrative of Usnavi (Diego Lock-Perez), a youngbodega owner who dreams of moving back to his home country, the Dominican Republic. When Nina comes home from Stanford University having lost her scholarship and dropped out, Nina's familystruggles to find a way to get her back to school while Benny, who works for Nina's father's drivingcompany, pursues a relationship with her, much to her father's dismay. When Abuela Claudia (FeliciaHernandez) wins a lottery ticket and Usnavi finally musters up the courage to take Vanessa (JulissaSabino) out on a date, Usnavi's future prospects begin to change. Through the hustle and bustle of dayto-day life, the community unites and rediscovers the meaning of home over the hardships, obstaclesand unexpected celebrations that present themselves.In the Heights gives life to each character and, in return, puts life on the stage — it is vibrantly full of culture and still vulnerable. As if the original Broadway soundtrack had been listened to one too manytimes, Klock-Perez brought more of Lin-Manuel's portrayal of the character to the stage than his own.Even with a similar capture of Usnavi, one crucial aspect of the character was missing — thevulnerability that allows Usnavi to be discombobulated yet humbling to watch was masked by KlockPerez's overly confident facade that mistook Usnavi's smooth behavior for a lack of sincerity.Sabino demanded the stage from the start with her dominating voice and sharp dance skills. One might not expect such impressive belting to come out of Hernandez, who plays a petite older woman, yet her voice was of not only reason but also resonance.It is certainly encouraging that the dances in Heights were not lacking in volume; however, the dances did lack the energy and wow-factor that Heights demands with its eccentric salsa, merengue and hip-hopscore. Individually, the ensemble struck the choreography and style on the dot, but there were moments when lifts and flashy moves lacked the striking appeal they needed, and thus the dance numbers relied on lighting and music to provide the necessary grandiosity. Even then, one could not help but notice the uneventful dancing.The production was at its strongest when each element, from dance to lighting to sound, held its own ground so that, in combination, the numbers turned into the spectacles that they were meant to be, such as in the number "Fireworks," which lit up the stage in what felt like a Fourth of July celebration.In an attempt to distinguish the many songs that could have easily blended together from one upbeatmerengue to another, various lighting effects were used. However, at times the gobos and patterned lightdisplays cast over the actors created an amateur high school effect. There were moments when lighting was subpar and others when it was beyond exceptional. For example, when the stage was lit brightly with orange and yellow and the actors' shadows were cast across the sides of the proscenium, the effect was contagious; it was as if one could feel the heat coming off the Manhattan side walks on a hot summer day.Theatrical Outfit and Aurora Theatre did inspire a few unique, crowd-pleasing moments. Because freefood is irresistible, the endearing move of the shaved ice vendor in the show handing a snow cone to an audience member served both her and the production well. Simultaneously, there were a few poor choices made in efforts to make the production feel inviting. Bringing dancers through the sides of the orchestra did little to spill the show out into the audience and instead distracted everyone from what was happening on stage.At times, the script relied heavily on body movement to tell the story. At the end of "Fireworks," whenNina forgives Benny for their feud and comes forth to take his hand, there was a disconnect in thestorytelling, leaving the audience to have to jump a bit to understand the plot. The moment Usnavi saw the painting of his Abuela Claudia and realized that Washington Heights was his home felt rushed andunimportant. This scene is crucial to the theme of finding one's home, happened so rapidly that it was difficult to catch Usnavi's change in mindset.Not only is Heights a smart show to put up because of Miranda's mark on it, but it is also extremelyrelevant in today's society. This production is to be highly recommended for any theater-goer who has not yet had the pleasure of seeing Heights. Celebrating America's cultural diversity and sending a message about immigration through a superb and thrilling score, Theatrical Outfit and the AuroraTheatre's production of In the Heights, although tamed, still managed to engage the audience.Grade: 3.5/5