On March 22 at 7:11 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding suspiciousactivity at Clairmont Tower. A student said that she had been hanging out with a friend; when the friend gathered his belongings and left, the student realized that one of her room keys was missing. The student had her locks changed later that evening Between March 24 and March 26, EPD received numerous reports of financial transaction fraud linked to accounts of individuals affiliated with the Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing. Multiple students reported that fraudulent transactions were made through their accounts on the Uber app and on a variety of websites including zsook.com, norton.com, cupid.com, strawberry.com and dominos.com. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 24 at 6:23 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at Woodruff Library. A student said that he had left his location in the library every 30 minutes to smoke and when he returned, his BeatsSolo2 headphones, valued at $140, were stolen. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 24 at 6:23 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious package on Burlington Road.Officers determined that the package was an empty cardboard box.On March 26 at 1:24 a.m., EPD responded to a noise complaint at 18 Eagle Row. Officers met with the Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity president, who said he would lower the music coming from thehouse. Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 2:00 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding broken bottles in the parking lot behind the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) fraternity house at 17 Eagle Row. Officers also discovered broken bottles on the baseball field. Officers attempted to meet with the fraternity chapter president, but he could not belocated. Officers met with another member of the fraternity, who said that they would clean up the area.Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 2:52 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Hopkins Residence Hall. When officers arrived on the scene, the female student had been shaking and vomiting for an hour and a half. The student had been drinking at a party at an unknown offcampus location earlier in the evening. The individual was transported to Emory University Hospital.Campus Life was notified.On March 27 at 4:12 a.m., EPD responded to a phone call made by a disoriented individual who had been at Emory University Hospital. The individual claimed that there was a bomb inside the Health Sciences Research Building (HSRB). Officers met with the caller, who had been in the emergency room prior to making the phone call. The HSRB was searched, but officers did not locate anything suspicious;officers were led to believe that the information the individual had provided was inaccurate.On March 27 at 8:17 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a hit-and-run that occurred at the intersection of Clifton Road and Eagle Row. A driver was traveling south on Clifton Road and waiting for a pedestrian to cross the cross walk when his vehicle was hit from behind, according to the driver who was hit and whose rear bumper was damaged. The other vehicle then accelerated and continued south on Clifton Road. The case has been turned over to an investigator.