"I can't think of anywhere else on God's green Earth I'd rather be than in Georgia on a Saturday night with a banjo on my back," Old Crow Medicine Show (OCMS) frontman Ketch Sec or said several times over the course of their show at the Fox Theater April 30.Having spent the better part of two hours watching OCMS perform, I believe Secor's statement. Singersongwriter Brandi Carlile, who is the group's co-headliner, echoed the sentiment after performing with them at the end of their set."There's no fun like playing with these boys up here," Carlile said.The buzz of the crowd was palpable before OCMS took the stage for their show, which marked the start of the band's tour with Carlile. People began filtering in after the doors opened at 7 p.m.; by the end ofCarlile's set, the theater was filled to the brim.Unlike many bands, rather than taking their time, OCMS quickly took the stage to the crowd's cheersand immediately jumped into their first song, "Sweet Amarillo." This is one of the songs for which the group owes some credit to American songwriting legend Bob Dylan (the other being "Wagon Wheel").Last Friday and Saturday, OCMS performed at the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville to raise money for an exhibit honoring Dylan. They played the entirety of Dylan's Blonde on Blonde in celebration of the album's 50th anniversary.Perhaps most impressive about the group's live show is their ability to play in such an energetic, yetcontrolled, manner. With that kind of style, it's hard not to believe that they're having fun. Members of the sextet danced across the stage, seemingly building off one another's energy all night, which spilled over into the crowd. Even before reaching the halfway point of their set, OCMS had the whole crowd standing,singing along and dancing in the aisles.While enthusiasm and energy are expected of any band's live performances, OCMS achieves a balance between control and chaos that makes their live shows unique. For instance, "Take 'Em Away," a song off their inaugural full-length album Old Crow Medicine Show (2004), demonstrates their ability to strike that special balance. Recorded as a mellow, bordering on mournful song, OCMS brings a liveliness that makes the song almost up beat when played live, while staying true to its somber message.Perhaps my favorite part of the night was the song "I Hear Them All," from their 2006 album Big IronWorld. Though "I Hear Them All" is already a great song in of itself, half way through the song, OCMSinserted an American folk classic. After the second verse, Secor broke into "This Land Is Your Land,"Woody Guthrie's famous 1940s era hit, which had every voice in the audience singing along with pride.Ketch Secor of Old Crow Medicine Show plays the banjor at the Fox Theatre. / Julia Munslow, ExecutiveEditorAnother highlight was their performance of "Levi," off their album Carry Me Back (2012). Before OCMSjumped into the song, Secor honored American soldiers around the world. "To all those who couldn't behere … Bring them home," Secor toasted. The song was written about Virginian Leevi Barnard. Barnard,a first lieutenant in the National Guard, was killed on his first tour of duty in Iraq in 2009. The story came to the attention of OCMS when some of Barnard's friends and family broke into his favorite song,"Wagon Wheel" during his funeral procession, leading the band to write this popular song.Of course, the last song OCMS played was platinum hit "Wagon Wheel." Once the opening chords wereplayed, signaling the start of their most well-known song, the entire crowd rose from their seats and every voice in the audience joined in singing. For most of the song, it was difficult to tell which was louder— the band or the crowd. After the song ended, the crowd gave OCMS a standing ovation lasting nearly five minutes before the band returned to the stage for an encore.Part of what makes OCMS special is their ability to combine their own tune and style with other artists'music, which they achieve by saluting the great s who have come before them. Over the course of theirset, OCMS paid tribute to musical legends including Merle Haggard with "Tonight the Bottle Let MeDown" and Gertrude "Ma" Rainey with "C.C. Rider," the famous 1924 12-bar blues song.And when Carlile joined OCMS for their encore, they sang "Georgia on My Mind" by Ray Charles and"Jolene" by Dolly Parton, ending with "Rainy Day Woman" by Bob Dylan. Perhaps it was fitting that the finale was a tribute to the artist who has helped the band become what it is today.OCMS in concert is an event unlike any other. The group brings a unique energy and life to performing that enhances their songs, making seeing them live a must.