Emory's soft ball team had yet another phenomenal weekend, going 6-0 in their games againstLynchburg College (Va.), Bridgewater College (Va.) and Roanoke College (Va.)Emory began the week end at Lynchburg, winning the first game 8-0. Junior pitcher Brittany Fileimproved her record to 20-1 thanks to a complete game no-hitter that lasted only five innings because of the mercy rule. File allowed three walks and struck out eight. Senior center fielder Alyssa Pollard was thegame's star at the plate, going two for three with a double, two runs and four RBIs. In addition to swinging the bat well, Pollard also managed to swipe a base in the game.In the second game against Lynchburg, the Eagles topped the Hornets 5-1. File picked up her 21st win of the season in the victory, after going the distance once again. File allowed one run, six walks and struck out six in eight innings. Pollard had another good game, going three for four and scoring two of Emory'sfive runs. The big play of the game came off the bat of sophomore second baseman Janelle Turnquest, atwo-run single that helped Emory clinch the game in the eighth inning.In the third game of the weekend, Emory took on Bridgewater College and managed to win by a score of3-2. As whole, the Eagles struggled at the plate, managing only three hits in 28 at bat. However, theycountered their poor hitting by drawing five walks as a team while striking out only four times, including two walks from junior right fielder Amy Wray. Sophomore pitcher Audrey Weller got the start and threw five and one-third effective innings for the team. Weller allowed six hits and two runs while punching out two batters. Freshman pitcher Madeline Maday picked up the win in relief of Weller.The second game against Bridgewater was the complete opposite of the preceding pitcher's duel. In a dominating effort, the Eagles won 12-0 thanks to a five-run second and a seven-run third inning. The game ended in the fifth inning due to the mercy rule. File won her third game of the weekend after throwing three shut out innings. She was relieved by freshman Toko Miller, who finished the game on the mound with a pair of score less frames. Emory had five players finish with multiple RBIs: junior left fielderTaylor Forte (two), Turnquest (two), senior catcher Melody Carter (two), freshman third baseman LanaHerrmann (three) and Pollard (three). All three of Herrmann's RBIs came from a third inning blast to make the score 8-0 and out of reach.Emory's last pair of games were against Roanoke College. Emory won the first game 7-1. File threw yet another complete game gem, this time seven innings. She allowed only one run and struck out 10Roanoke Roonies. The catalyst for the Eagles was freshman shortstop Cassie Baca. Baca went one for three with a two-run home run and a walk. Sophomore first baseman Ashley Powers and Carter eachmanaged to finish the game with two hits.In the final game of the weekend, Emory defeated Roanoke 12-2. Weller got the start and her seventhwin of the season. Weller went five innings and allowed two runs. Emory had three stars at the plate:Baca, Powers and Herrmann. Powers and Herrmann both went yard and managed to plate four runs over the course of the blow out win. Baca went three for three with a double, a run and three RBIs.Emory will take the field next at Georgia Highland College on Saturday, April 2. The Eagles will enter the game with a 22-game win streak and a record of 31-1.