The first four weeks of the NFL season were full of excitement, astonishment and intensity. No one could have predicted some of the shocking results that have come out of football thus far. Fortunately, despitethe injury, oversight and loss that some teams experienced in the first few weeks, they now have something to look forward to: a bye week.Consider this: we Emory students have been immersed in our studies for nearly six weeks now. I think I speak for most of us when I say that the first few weeks of the semester have not been easy. There is,however, a light at the end of the tunnel. Fall break is approaching fast, and with it brings a chance for all of us dispirited, stressed and weary college students to score some much needed R&R and to rejuvenate the mind in the middle of the "school season." For students, fall break is like an NFL byeweek.Although their struggles may not be equivalent to that of an Emory student's, professional football players do take a beating on the field. Just as students look forward to a break from class, so do NFL players torevivify the body in a highly violent sport. Coming off of their first win against the Indianapolis Colts, theJacksonville Jaguars will certainly be looking forward to this bye week, a chance to rest up in hopes of keeping their win streak alive. Conversely, the Kansas City Chiefs, coming off of a loss in Pittsburgh with a 1-3 record, will look to organize their team and go into week six ready to win.Unfortunately, some teams are not as lucky as the Jaguars and the Chiefs and will have to wait some time to catch their big breaks. Atlanta's very own Falcons must play six more games until they get a recess from getting knocked around on the gridiron in week 11. To put that in perspective, imagine that fall break disappeared and the next break is not until Thanksgiving. A more concise term for this concept is "a student's worst nightmare." The Falcons, however, have been studying up on the playbook and have proven thus far that they are just getting started. Their win against the Carolina Panthers thisweekend cemented a 3-1 record and hope for a promising season to come.So, this weekend, Emory students and NFL players alike will step back and take a break from some of the stress in their lives, whether it be mental or physical. A little down time will hopefully allow professionalathletes and students alike to return with an even greater drive and ability to succeed.Noah's Notes: Predictions for Week 5Cardinals 14 49ers 10Vikings 21 Texans 13Steelers 24 Jets 17Eagles 23 Lions 20Ravens 27 Redskins 21Bengals 28 Cowboys 20Rams 21 Bills 20Colts 31 Bears 24Dolphins 28 Titans 27Patriots 34 Browns 10Broncos 24 Falcons 14Raiders 23 Chargers 20Packers 30 Giants 21Panthers 36 Buccaneers 31