On Aug. 22 at 2:25 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to an intrusion at the CandlerMansion located on Emory's Briarcliff Campus. When officers arrived on the scene, they made contact with five students who admitted that they were in the vicinity of the building, but did not enter it. The students were asked to leave the location. Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 22 at 1:44 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory staff member regarding an individual wearing a polo shirt and blue jeans walking towards Michael Street Parking Deck with a handgun tuckedinto his waistband. Multiple officers responded to the area to search for the individual but were unable to locate the suspect.On Aug. 23 at 3:35 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age student under the influence of alcohol at Evans Residence Hall. The student said that she had consumed five shots of vodka in herroom. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and transported the student to Emory University Hospital (EUH).On Aug. 23 at 12:20 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Woodruff P.E. Center(WoodPEC). A student said she had left her MacBook Pro in her purse on the fourth floor of theWoodPEC. When she returned later, the computer was missing from her bag. The laptop is valued at$1,300. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Aug. 25 at 10:32 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the WoodruffMemorial Research Building. The complainant said that a female had been in the rest room for a long time and was carrying many items with her. The individual appeared to be homeless. A female officer arrived at the location and spoke with the individual in the bathroom. The individual left the building.On Aug. 26 at 1:40 a.m., officers were traveling in a patrol vehicle on North Decatur Road when they approached a vehicle with blinking hazards in the roadway. As the officer moved closer to the vehicle, he noticed a male student lying on the roadway. The student was moaning, had slurred speech and smelled of alcohol. The officer assisted the individual out of the roadway. The student's Uber driver said he was taking the individual home after a Mansion Elan party, but the student got sick and started vomitingduring the trip. EEMS and AMR arrived on the scene and transported the individual to EUH. Campus Lifewas notified.On Aug. 26 at 5:27 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the Woodruff HealthSciences Library. Workers in the building made a complaint regarding an older male individual who had been "stumbling around" and disturbing people. Library staff asked the individual to leave. The individual left without any further incident.On Aug. 27 at 12:35 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Longstreet-Means Residence Hall. EEMS and AMR arrived on the scene and transported the individual to EUH. Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 27 at 1:39 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual under the influence of alcohol outside the Dobbs University Center (DUC). A resident advisor found the individual lying on the ground between Hamilton Holmes Residence Hall and the DUC. The individual had consumed a large amount of alcohol at an undisclosed location. Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 27 at 5:37 p.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at Clairmont Tower. A student set off the alarm while cooking in an apartment on the 17th floor. There were no damages to the apartment or the building.