Image | Google ImagesThis election cycle has been marked by extremely competitive primaries and intraparty squabble.Reading angry social media posts discoursing a primary candidate is unavoidable. But come ElectionDay, each party will have nominated a candidate to represent their respective party, and we, supporters of both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, urge you to consider voting for the Democratic nominee, even if you had previously supported a different candidate.Democrats believe that President Obama has pushed us in the direction of progress. The AffordableCare Act has reduced the uninsured rate to under 10 percent, and we believe that if a Democratic candidate is elected, he or she will put us closer toward universal coverage. Although some Republicans have offered a few principles of their ideal healthcare system, they have no intention to build onDemocratic progress, but instead to re-litigate the issue. Repealing the act, for which Republicans haveuniformly called, would remove coverage from the 17 million newly-insured Americans. The Democratic candidates recognize that afford able health care is a human right and are committed to improving and moving forward with the A ffordable Care Act and Medicaid expansion.President Obama also raised the minimum wage for a limited number of federal contract workers.Democratic presidential candidates are united in acknowledging the need to raise the $7.25 federalminimum wage nationwide. John Kasich is the only Republican candidate in the race who supports a modest minimum wage increase at the state level, but the vast majority of Congressional Republicansare opposed to any federal increase. A Democratic president is our only chance to give millions of low wage workers a much needed raise.A Democratic president will also build on the global framework to address climate change that was agreed upon at the 2015 Paris Climate Conference late last year. Both Democratic presidential candidates have ambitious plans to combat climate change and to shift the nation's energy productiontowards more renewable sources. Republicans, on the other hand, have been critical of the Paris framework and are divided on whether climate change is a real phenomenon. The issue is not even on the forefront for most of them.The Democratic candidates want to address the issue of terrorism in the domestic and globalperspective, and they understand America's diversity; they want to unite us to defeat terrorists.Domestic terrorist attacks and the threat of the Islamic State have led Republicans to take a harsh tone on issues of immigration and domestic surveillance. We have to be mindful that we cannot alienate our allies in affected regions by equating them with our enemies. While most policy decisions requirecongressional sanction, the president has the most flexibility in conducting foreign affairs. The president is the leader representative of our country, and America's global image depends on electing a temperate leader who will prioritize not only the lives of Americans, but all affected by the threat of terrorism.Similarly, Democrats understand that the American people are war-weary. Most Americans do not want to commit U.S. combat troops to another foreign entanglement. Republican candidates on the campaign trail have spoken about our adversaries with bluster. We believe the Democrats will take a prudent approach that considers the potential ramifications of military action. Diplomatic and coercive efforts must first be exhausted. Our Democratic candidates share this belief, as evidenced by their unity on the Iran nuclear deal, the normalization of relations with Cuba and the agreement that led Syria's leader,Bashar al-Assad, to agree to destroy Syria's chemical weapons.The Democratic presidential candidates also have a more progressive approach to immigration reform.They recognize that the immigration system has been negatively impacting families, tearing them apart and leaving them without viable options to achieve a reasonable standard of living. They are committed to immigration reform that is humane — that protects families, ends private detention centers andpromotes a path to citizenship. The rhetoric in this election has alienated many Americans. Rather than insisting that we "build a wall" to keep immigrants out, the Democratic candidates recognize the human rights of immigrants, legal and illegal, and seek solutions to immigration issues in the United States byprioritizing these rights.We also believe that electing a Democrat will help strengthen and protect both LGBT rights and women'sreproductive rights. The recent Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges declared same-sexmarriage to be a fundamental constitutional right. While Democratic candidates support this decision as settled law, many of the leading Republican contenders have vocally spoken out in favor of overturning this decision. Democrats have also advocated giving sexual orientation protected status againstdiscrimination in housing, employment and public accommodation. Attempts have been initiated at the congressional level, with the Equality Act of 2015, and the president's Justice Department has attempted also to extend these protections under existing law. A Democratic president will continue this push. All Republican candidates have supported the recent Congressional efforts to limit abortion rights. They have signaled also their support for Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, even though PlannedParenthood provides low-cost reproductive care to millions of people each year. We believe this move would be harmful to many Americans. Without Democratic leadership, the rights of women and LGBTpeople are gravely in danger.Democrats seek to protect the rights of those who have been marginalized in the United States. They are committed to reforming the criminal justice system and addressing systemic racism. Republicancandidates' racial rhetoric through this election season has been inflammatory and offensive, and the Democratic candidates have recognized and criticized this behavior. On Republican candidates'websites where they lay out their positions, racial justice is not even addressed. There should be no question that racism in America is alive and well, and we need a president who recognizes this issue.While everyone may not agree on which candidate may make the best president, the dichotomy between the parties could not be more clear. If you want a president who will ensure all Americans have access to quality, affordable healthcare, who will provide thoughtful leadership on a global scale and who will protect and strengthen the rights of marginalized communities, vote Democrat this November.This editorial was collaboratively written by Emory Students for Bernie Sanders and Emory University forHillary. It represents the majority views of both these organizations.Josh Niemtzow is a College senior from Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, and Julia Skye is a College freshman from Baltimore, Maryland.