Shermin Punjwani | Courtesy of De Kalb County Sheriff Inmate LookupOn Aug. 31 at 7:50 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a call regarding a keylogger, whichrecords keystrokes and monitors the actions of a user, plugged into a computer at the GoizuetaBusiness School. Later that day, an Emory staff member discovered Emory alumnus Shermin Punjwani(16B) looking for another keylogger that she had placed in White Hall 102 and called EPD. Officersarrived at the location, arrested Punjwani for two felony counts of computer trespass at 6:03 p.m. andtransported her to De Kalb County Jail. Punjwani's bond was set at $10,000. Punjwani posted bail and was released Sept. 2. According to her LinkedIn, Punjwani is currently a marketing specialist forMycroChange in Texas.On Sept. 2 at 8:45 a.m., EPD responded to a call from a campus visitor, who said that he had left his wallet on a shuttle. He later made contact with the shuttle operator but was told that a wallet had not been turned in. At the time of publishing, no misuse of credit cards was reported. The wallet was valued at$25.On Sept. 3 at 3:11 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an under age individual under the influence of alcohol at Dobbs Residence Hall. A Residence Life staff member called the police after coming in contact with the unresponsive female student. DeKalb Fire and Rescue and DeKalb Emergency MedicalService arrived on the scene and transported the student to Emory University Hospital (EUH). CampusLife was notified.On Sept. 3 at 10:30 a.m., EPD made contact with six juveniles at the Briarcliff Candler Mansion. Theindividuals forcibly entered the building by removing a plywood panel. The juveniles said that they were visiting from California and found out about the mansion on a website. Officers contacted a guardian,who came to the location and took responsibility for the individuals.On Sept. 4 at 11:45 p.m., EPD received a noise complaint from an individual at Building E of ClairmontResidential Center. Officers arrived at the location and made contact with the resident of the room from which the noise was originating. The officer told the individuals at the location to keep the noise down.The individuals at the location complied without further incident.On Sept. 5 at 7:15 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from an Emory vehicle parkedbetween Glenn Memorial Church and the Church School Building. According to the complainant, an unknown individual opened a locked compartment of the vehicle and removed a RedMax leaf blower,valued at $499. The case has been turned over to an investigator.**Correction (Sept. 7 at 6:12 p.m.) the police report originally said Punjwani posted bail and was released from jail Aug. 2. The story has been corrected to reflect the correct date of her release, Sept. 2.