Emory Water Turns BrownATLANTA – Brown water was found coming from toilets, sinks and fountains across the Emory campusand surrounding area Tuesday night, including the ones in Cox Hall, Dobbs University Center (DUC),Complex Residence Hall and the CVS in the Emory Village. "Although the color is unpleasant, there is no reason to believe that the water is unsafe at this time," a De Kalb County Communications Departmentpress release said. The water color was the result of a water main break on Shallowford Road near I-85that has now been repaired by the De Kalb County Department of Watershed Management, the releasesaid.Former Emory Prof. Named to Trump's CabinetWASHINGTON – President-elect Donald Trump chose former Emory University School of Medicine assistant professor and former medical director of the orthopedic clinic at Grady Memorial Hospital andU.S. Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.) to serve as secretary of health and human services Monday, according to The New York Times. Price completed his residency in orthopedic surgery at Emory University,according to his website. Despite his criticism of the A ffordable Care Act and subsequent opposition from leftist groups, Price noted that "there is much work to be done to ensure we have a health care system that works," The Times reported.Rose Library Acquires Patterson PapersATLANTA – Emory's Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives and Rare Book Library (MARBL) has acquired the papers of Eugene Patterson, former Pulitzer Prize-winning editor of The Atlanta-JournalConstitution in the 1960s, MARBL Director Rosemary Magee announced at the Atlanta Press Club Hall of Fame Dinner yesterday. The papers include Patterson's columns, articles and letters, including the writing that earned him the Pulitzer Prize in 1967. Patterson was named "one of America's most highly regarded journalists" for his work in the late 20th century, including his activism in the civil rightsmovement, according to The Times.'Liberal' Emory Professor Listed on WatchlistEMORY – Professor of Philosophy George Yancy was listed among 144 college professors "whodiscriminate against conservative students and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom" by TurningPoint USA, a conservative activist organization, according to the AJC. Turning Point USA's project,named "Professor Watchlist," includes Yancy for his 2015 New York Times op-ed "Dear White America."The list provides no evidence nor explanation of how Yancy allegedly advances propaganda or discriminates against certain students, the AJC reported.Former Cuban Leader Castro DiesCUBA – Fidel Castro, Cuban revolutionary and political leader for over 50 years, died Friday after "a longbattle with illness," according to The Wall Street Journal. He was 90 years old. His brother, PresidentRaul Castro named him "the commander in chief of the Cuban revolution," BBC reported. While some countries mourned his loss, his enmity with the U.S. in the Cold War, particularly during the Cuban missile crisis, elicited mixed responses among Cuban-Americans, according to WSJ.CORRECTION (11/30/16 at 7:27 p.m.): The brief "Emory Water Turns Brown" originally said that water at Emory was unsafe to drink. The story and headline have been changed to reflect a DeKalb CountyCommunications Department release. The brief also cited an Atlanta Journal-Constitution story about high lead levels in the water at three De Kalb County schools.