Aileen Rivell running a 17:48 in the indoor 5K at the Bob Pollock Invitational on Jan. 29 | Courtesy of LisaWatlesRunning is often thought of as the purest form of sport, requiring nothing but a functioning body and mind.However to Aileen Rivell, it is much more. For her, it represents the pursuit of a goal, the idea that you can always improve and the mental battle needed to push through extreme pain for the 18 minutes of a5000 meter (3.1 mile) race. College senior, Fulbright Scholar semi-finalist and former Emory crosscountry co-captain Aileen Rivell's resilience has allowed her to overcome whatever challenges running has thrown at her, especially through the injuries that almost derailed her career.Rivell has suffered three season-ending injuries since her freshman year, including a stress fracture in her hip, tendinitis in her foot and consistent shin complications. But that hasn't stopped her from competing with the best of the best.A Colts Neck, New Jersey native and the captain of her school's track team, Rivell had high expectations for her freshman season at Emory. At that time, she had suffered only one minor runningrelated injury. Then, during one of her first practices after her freshman year's winter break, she felt a slight pinch in her hip. She attempted to go on, but the pain worsened. Doctors discovered a stressfracture in her hip, and she was side lined for three months.During her sophomore year, it was her foot that prevented her from competing. Her "poor running form"(according to Rivell, this entails hunching over and crossing her arms) compounded stress on her rightfoot, eventually leading to tendinitis.Though Rivell attempted to correct her running form her junior year, problems continued to arise. Thistime, she started to develop shin splints.So as Rivell approached her senior year, she had one simple goal in mind: not to get injured."I just hoped for not the worst, because I had the worst for so long," Rivell said. "Anything is better thanthat."It's safe to say that at this point, Rivell has far exceeded her preseason expectations. She ran the indoor5K in 17 minutes and 48 seconds on Jan. 29th in the Bob Pollock Meet, placing her second in the UAAConference, 16th in the country at the D-III level, and 6th fastest in Emory women's track and fieldhistory. In her very next race, Rivell broke a school record for the 3000m on Feb. 13th at the SamfordInvitational with a time of 10 minutes and three seconds, breaking the previous Emory record by over four seconds."[The 5K and 3K] were the fastest races I've ever run," Rivell said. "They were probably the most consistent races I've ever run too. There was rarely ever a second or more difference in my lap times."With Rivell's 5K time, she qualified for the most important race of her running career so far: the I ndoorUAA Conference Championship on Feb. 27 and 28. There, No. 2-ranked Rivell will have a chance to win the conference in the indoor 5K. Currently, she sits three seconds back of first place.5K races require extreme mental fortitude and keen focus. According to Rivell, she had been cultivating these strengths not only through her toughness in the face of multiple injuries, but since childhood."I have two brothers – everything was a competition," Rivell said. "Through a race, you know that this is going to hurt, and your job is to fight through those thoughts."She has trained for roughly three hours a day for years for the opportunity to run for first place in the conference and potentially qualify for nationals.But now, Rivell's training regimen is harder than it has ever been. Along with daily practices and frequent cross training, Rivell makes the 30-minute drive to the Georgia Sports Chiropractic once or twice a week to run on the A lterG Anti-Gravity Treadmill.This unique rehabilitation device straps Rivell into a harness – a "tutu with a zipper" as she describes it –which is attached to box that inflates to surround her lower body. The air pressure from inside of the box reduces the impact of running on her legs. Rivell adjusts the percent of body weight force exerted –typically to 80 percent – and begins a normal 11 mile run, albeit with a slight float in her step.A diagram explaining how the A lterG Treadmill works. | Courtesy of AlterG"The machine is essential to my work out because it helps replace a lot of the miles that I am unable to get on the day to day [basis] because of my injuries," Rivell said. Because of her injury history, she is only able to run 25 miles a week, rather than 40 to 50, the typical load for a female distance runner."She just has gumption," Emory Track and Field Head Coach John Curtin said. "Just about every other kid would have given up with what she has been through. Because of her injuries in her past, she has to work twice as hard as everyone else. She is incredible."While Rivell has her eyes on the UAA Indoor Conference Championships, she knows there are no training shortcuts on the road to first place.At Georgia Sports Chiropractic, Rivell, with a look of ferocity, is focused intently at the task at hand. Shestraps herself into the harness, allows the machine to rise into her mold and begins taking her strides,focused on the rhythm of her running and not on the formerly inflamed tendon in her foot or the hip that failed her three years ago.The Anti-Gravity Treadmill hums quietly as Rivell runs, step by step, foot after foot. The harness that holds her upright stabilizes her legs to prevent constant wear and tear. The requisite spandex wrapstautly against her body as she moves with the rhythm she has created with her strides. The AlterG, likeher limbs, moves with her motions as she continues her pace. The machine is a part of her body now.Rivell exudes an air of resilience as she runs, a resilience that has been refined by prior setbacks, and a resilience that winces through occasional pain as she lands her feet on the treadmill. She runs through it,because running is her livelihood, and she knows just how easily that livelihood could be taken away from her."My results justify all of the work and waiting I've had to do over the years because I feel like it would have been tough to go through all this training without this end result that I wanted," Rivell said. "Therewere so many times I wanted to quit."But she hasn't, and she doesn't plan to before the end of her college career.Rivell and, as an extension of her body, the A lterG Anti Gravity Treadmill epitomize a reality of life; it will rise and it will fall, but it will be done step by step.