Ox ford College sophomore Salma Soliman recites a poem by Hannah Senesh, uplifting a somber crowd at the Vigil for Dhaka. | Courtesy of EmoryApproximately 350 Emory and Atlanta community members commemorated the lives of Abinta Kabirand Faraaz Hossain, celebrating their dedication to service, leadership and kindness July 7 at aninterfaith vigil in William R. Cannon Chapel. Emory's Office of Spiritual and Religious Life hosted "Vigil forDhaka" to honor Kabir and Hossain, who were among 20 people killed last week in a terror attack inDhaka, Bangladesh. Kabir was a rising Oxford College sophomore, and Hossain a rising GoizuetaBusiness School junior.Crowd overflow was redirected to the Candler School of Theology, where the vigil was projected. Livestreaming was available for those unable to attend.To begin, Religious Life Adviser Isam Vaid (93Ox 95C 99PH) sang a melancholic call to prayer whileUniversity President James W. Wagner lit a candle. The gesture was meant to represent hope andmemorialize all victims of violence, Dean of the Chapel and Spiritual Life Reverend Bridgette YoungRoss explained in the welcoming statement.Oxford Chaplain Lyn Pace introduced a procession in which Emory community members placedGerbera daisies into two vases opposite the Candle of Hope.Each flower symbolized a life lost and was stemmed with florist wire so that it was "sturdy" and able to"hold [its] head up," Pace said. "Though … grieved, we hold our heads up as we remember and hold up the lives and legacies of those who were killed."As drums echoed throughout the chapel, select Emory community members — most of whom were connected to Kabir or Hossain — solemnly walked in pairs, each grasping a single white flower.Goizueta Dean Erika James and Oxford Dean Douglas Hicks carried the final two daisies, which wereyellow, representing Kabir and Hossain."[The vigil] was beautiful and a perfect testament to the character of Abinta and Faraaz," College juniorAddison Welch (16Ox), who carried a daisy, said.After a moment of silence, Oxford Dean for Campus Life Joseph Moon read College junior ChaseJackson's (16Ox) reflection. Jackson, who was unable to attend the vigil, had worked with Hossain andKabir through the Student Activities Committee (SAC), a campus programming organization at Oxford,ultimately forming close friendships. Kabir and Hossain had both chaired the programming committee."Students [appreciated] conversations with [Hossain], his ability to provide wise insight to situations and his characteristic smile," Moon read. "[Kabir's] ever-present smile and genuine passion to help others made her an easy person to talk to, hang out with and seek advice from."Members of the audience nodded and murmured in agreement with Jackson's description of Kabir's andHossain's warm, caring personalities.Oxford sophomore Salma Soliman, who knew Kabir and Hossain, brought the uplifting words of World War II paratrooper Hannah Senesh to the somber crowd."There are people whose brilliance continues to light the world even though they are no longer among theliving," she said.Another memorial ceremony will be held when students return to campus for the fall semester, accordingto Ross."The Atlanta and Oxford campuses [will collaborate] to ensure that friends of Kabir and Hossain on both campuses will be able to participate," Ross said.