On Nov. 14 at 3:17 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft atLongstreet-Means Hall. An Emory student stated that some of his laundry had been taken Nov. 12between 5:45 p.m. and 7 p.m. The missing laundry, valued at $310, included two pairs of Levi's jeans, aPatagonia jacket and a pair of Lululemon sweatpants. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Nov. 15 at 3:30 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from the Woodruff P.E. Center(WoodPEC). An Emory student reported his backpack, containing clothes, textbooks, keys and creditcards, missing from a first floor locker, which he thought he had locked before exercising. The student said he thought that the lock malfunctioned. The total value of the items is $566. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Nov. 18 at 1:05 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an assault on Eagle Row. An Emory student said that an unknown female had slapped his friend somewhere between 12 Eagle Row, the Alpha Tau Omega (ATO) fraternity house, and 14 Eagle Row, the Media, Literature and Arts Outreach (MLAO)house. Officers arrived on the scene, where witnesses identified the subject for officers. Policeapproached the subject, who was walking towards 22 Eagle Row, the Black Student Alliance (BSA)house. They spoke with her, noting that she smelled strongly of alcohol, walked unsteadily and seemedagitated. The subject began talking on her phone. After she refused to end the conversation at thepolice's request, officers took the subject's phone. When police asked her name, she gave officers a false name and then began to walk away. Police then detained the subject and found in her purse a University of North Georgia student ID with the name Sofia Arguello. Arguello acknowledged that she was a 20-year-old student at University of North Georgia. Arguello was arrested for public intoxicationunder DeKalb County Ordinance 16-42. The victim who was slapped chose not to press charges for simple battery. Campus Life was notified.On Nov. 18 at 2:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from the Emory Barnes & NobleBookstore. A staff member said the bookstore staff had noticed model headphones missing from thestore's technology section earlier that day. A staff member had reviewed security videos and determined that some one had taken the headphones, valued at $200, between 10 a.m. and 10:07 a.m. three daysprior. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Nov. 19 at 2:52 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at Clairmont Tower.Officers arrived on the scene and met an Emory student who said that her friend, a 22-year-old studentfrom the University of Georgia, was visiting and had consumed several drinks earlier that night. The subject appeared intoxicated and was vomiting. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) andDeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) also arrived on the scene. The subject refused additionaltreatment and was left in the care of the Emory student.On Nov. 20 at 12:26 a.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at 15 Eagle Row. Officers arrived on the scene and met with the on-call Residence Hall Director Bahar Amalfard, who reported smoke coming from thebasement. Officers went into the basement and found smoke coming from the stove, where food had been left cooking. There was no reported damage.