Madeline DeShazer (18C) sits outside of Cox Hall while sporting a choker and an off-the-shoulder top.With New York Fashion Week starting today, the Wheel is bringing you a glimpse of the best wearabletrends for this fall. Sure, models strut wild ensembles full of glitz and glamour on the runway, but what are you actually going to wear on a night out, to class or while studying at the lib?Fall fashion is fun — who doesn't love new leather boots and cozy sweaters? The issue with fall fashion in Atlanta is that the trends often precede the appropriate weather. We all know how strange Georgiatemperatures can get: It can be 60 degrees in the morning, but 90 degrees by 1 p.m. So how do you incorporate fall styles into your wardrobe when the weather can be so unpredictable as late asNovember?Here are some of my best tips and tricks for sporting the newest fall trends no matter the climate.Over the ShoulderDresses and blouses with exposed shoulders were huge in spring and summer, and they are back forfall. These pieces are adorable and easy to throw on with a pair of jeans or your favorite suede skirt.Although this trend is fairly weather-neutral, you can easily pair them with a vest or cardigan for draftyclassrooms or late-night walks from the library in case temperatures do turn colder.ChokersYep, they're back — anything from skinny silk scarves to thick lace neckwear are to be seen this fall.Depending on which direction you chose to go, chokers can add an edgy element to a feminine ensemble or soften more "out-there" pieces. Chokers are no longer just for the lead singers of punkbands — add some flair to a bohemian dress (also in!) without adding layers by pairing it with a choker.FursReal or faux, furs will be uber-popular this fall. Don't just think brown or black, furs in all spectrums of the color wheel are being displayed this fall. Worried about bulk or heat? Use furs as statements: add a chicfur vest or a sweater with a fur collar to sport this trend while keeping cool.Open-Toe BootiesOpen-toe booties are not only stylish, but also versatile. They're the perfect accessory for Atlantaautumns. They look like cold-weather shoes, but allow your toes a little breathing room before the weather turns.Jean or Leather?Take your pick: both jean and leather skirts are big this season. Jean skirts can be paired with almost anything — even a t-shirt will look like a fashion statement when worn with a button-down jean skirt.Leather pieces will give you a bit of an edgier look, but can easily be softened by a lacy top or casualblouse. Looking for something easier to slip on for class? Leather shorts will also make the samestatement. Pair them with a chunky sweater on chilly days or a chic blouse on hot ones.TurtlenecksThis is one trend I know I can get behind. I'm sure I'm not the only one who has goofy childhood photos.Apparently, I refused to wear anything but turtlenecks. These are actually a huge trend this season —especially when layered underneath dresses, blouses and more. To stay cool while rocking this trend,look for sleeveless or three-quarter length styles.Hopefully, these tips have left you with some inspiration for freshening up your fall wardrobe no matter how much the weather fluctuates.