Every game is a "must win" for professional athletes, but this contest with the Raptors especiallywarranted the label. Prior to the 8 p.m. tip off, the Hawks (46-32) sat uncomfortably in third place in the Eastern Conference. Three teams, the Celtics, Heat and Hornets, were all within one game of theHawks. With four games left in the regular season, the Hawks needed to buckle down and substantiate,both mathematically and metaphorically, their three seed. It was a regular season game, but nothing felt quite regular about Thursday night's preeminent matchup against the Toronto Raptors.The Hawks were, in many ways, able to justify their third seed in beating Toronto 95-87.The Hawks have played and lost to the Raptors three times this season. In those three games, Raptorsguards Kyle Lowry and Demar Derozan have averaged a little over 15 free throws a game.The Hawks' main defensive focus was to limit Lowry's and Derozan's ability to get to the line, and the Hawks held the two players to seven free throws in what was a large component in their victory.The team made stops down the stretch that preserved the lead and ensured the victory. The Hawks did not allow a field goal in the last two minutes of the ball game.Atlanta won the game in transition. The Hawks outscored the Raptors 22-2 in fast break points, and it was clear that their scoring strategy going into the game was to play at a quick pace."[Playing with a quick pace] is a priority for us, we gotta go out and run every night," Head Coach MikeBudenholzer said. "In a game against Toronto, it's even more of a priority.""We really wanted to get out and run tonight," forward Kyle Korver said.Hawks point guard Jeff Teague bore the offensive burden for the Hawks, and also effectively defendedKyle Lowry throughout the game. Teague took over the game in the third quarter, scoring 11 points and missing only one shot, but it was in the last minute and a half that he made his mark.On the possession after a pair of free throws by Raptors center Jonas Valanciunas cut the Hawks leadto two, Teague hit a driving, left-handed lay up while he was fouled by Raptors guard Cory Joseph with 48seconds to go. The Hawks were up 90-86. Teague then knocked down the free throw, extending the lead to 91-86. The three-point play not only pushed momentum back to the Hawks, but forced Kyle Lowry intotaking a heavily contested three at the other end, which he missed, sealing the victory for the Hawks.Hawks' small forward Thabo Sefolosha started in place for injured guard Kent Bazemore, and he defended DeRozan successfully. DeRozan finished with 16 points, but shot seven for 24 from the field.Bazemore's injury was announced pre-game by coach Budenholzer, who said the team does not expect the injury to be long-term.One of the lone negatives on the night was point guard Dennis Schroder's play. He shot 0-7 from thefield. Over the last four games, Schroder is eight of 40 from the field. The German's ability to come off the bench and hit big threes is an important feature that the team will need come playoff time.Perhaps because of Schroder's struggles, or perhaps in need of some sort of variation after three straight losses to the Raptors, Budenholzer played seldom-used guard Kirk Hinrich and shooting guardTim Hardaway Jr. at point guard at different points in the game. Hardaway had an extended assignmentwith Bazemore out, utilizing the opportunity aptly in scoring 11 points and playing solid defensethroughout his 28 minutes on the court.The Hawks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference. They are a half game ahead of the BostonCeltics and Miami Heat with three games left to play.In a game that could decide the fates of all four teams involved in the clutter that is the three through six seeds in the Eastern Conference, the Hawks will host the Celtics April 9 at Philips Arena.