LOS ANGELES – The Hawks faced off against the Los Angeles Clippers on the back end of a two-day,back-to-back Los Angeles road trip, having obliterated the Lakers 106-77 on Friday night.Saturday night in Los Angeles yielded the same result as Friday night in Los Angeles for the Hawks: a much needed win. Atlanta be at the Clippers in a hard-fought contest 107-97.Staples Center's tunnel walls are quite barren; its lockers rooms rather sullen. Grey and black featureprominently, but rightfully so: with four different tenants, the arena can have no allegiance to one team oranother.The play on the court on Saturday night, however, could not rightfully be described as barren or sullen.The game was filled with ebbs and flows, crisp passing, emphatic dunks and clutch three-point plays.It looked as if the Clippers had "it," for the first 22 minutes of play, Clippers center DeAndre Jordan saidpost-game. The Clippers dominated in all facets of the game, eventually scoring 37 points in the first quarter alone. The Clippers took their biggest lead of the game (17 points) with 10:19 remaining in the second quarter.Then, the Hawks started to creep back into the game. "If we are going to go down, we are going to go down like we play," Hawks center Al Horford said after the game. To finish the last three minutes of the first half, the Hawks burst out on a 12-2 run thanks largely to their characteristically efficient and unselfish passing mixed with their ability to force the Clippers to use all 24 seconds of the shot clock.This 12-2 run cut the Clippers' lead (50-55) to a five-point margin.The Hawks continued that strategy through the third quarter. They eventually took the lead, then pushed it to five (69-64) midway through the period, but the leading team would change four more times before the quarter ended with the Hawks up 80-79.The Hawks employed the "Hack-a-Jordan" strategy heavily in the third quarter, a game plan in which the team intentionally fouls poor free throw shooter DeAndre Jordan in order to send him to the foul line,where he has shot 42 percent in his career. Hawks Head Coach Mike Budenholzer's decision to employ the strategy paid off, as Jordan went seven for 17 from the charity stripe and was forced to sit out most of the fourth quarter as a result."You gotta live with [Clippers Head Coach Doc Rivers] decision [to take Jordan out of the game] and roll with it," Jordan said after the game. "I gotta be able to make the free throws and make at least one out of two for our team."The fourth quarter is when the Hawks played "probably their best basketball in a while," Hawks guardKent Bazemore said. After going down 82-88 with 8:26 on the clock, Budenholzer called a time out to halt the Clippers' momentum. The Clippers had just gone on a 9-0 run, with six of those points coming fromClippers' guard Austin Rivers.Whether or not the time out actually helped the Hawks is a subjective point of contention, but the numbers certainly corroborate the claim; the Hawks proceeded to close out the fourth quarter on a 25-9 run and win the game with ease.A drive to the rim from Hawks guard Jeff Teague (22 points, seven assists, six rebounds) to make the score 99-91 with 3:41 remaining took the energy out of the arena. A select few pessimistic Clippers fans— or those wanting to go home early to watch the new season of House of Cards — could be seen leaving the arena. In a beautiful drive to the rim, Teague took contact from his right side, and, whilegliding to his left from the force, dropped a perfectly placed teardrop over the extended arm of Clippersforward Wesley Johnson for the first two points of a potential three-point play. Teague promptly knocked down the free throw to extend the Hawks lead to eight."It's a good team win," Teague said after the game. "We played well as a group. One through 13 came out and played well."Horford added key offensive rebounds that aided the 25-9 run, along with a monster dunk on thebaseline. He finished with a double-double; 11 points and 12 rebounds.Hawks forward Paul Millsap (20 points, 18 rebounds) had a quietly brilliant game. The All-Star showedagain why he may be the most underrated player in the game."This was a win we definitely needed," he said. "Hopefully, it's a momentum boost as we go into a tough game in Utah and a tough game in Toronto."The Hawks played well both nights in Los Angeles. Back-to-back road games, even without accounting for travel, are hard on any team. The resolve that the team showed after a poor first quarter performanceagainst a quality, top-tier team shows promise for the Hawks' hopeful playoff future. The Hawks are now one game ahead of the Hornets for fifth place in the Eastern Conference.The Hawks will return to action on Tuesday, March 8, when they take on the Utah Jazz in Salt Lake City.