On Sept. 26 at 1:15 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Robert W. Woodruff Library. An Emory employee reported that a library iPad had been stolen from the wall mount outside room 726. The iPad is valued at $450. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Sept. 28 at 3 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the Michael C. CarlosMuseum loading docks. An Emory student reported that she had been standing behind the museum with her boyfriend when a man in a red minivan approached them. She told EPD the driver drove past them and then reversed toward them. He then opened his door and asked her to sit and smoke in his vehicle,and told them he was going to enter the museum, she told EPD. When the student refused the driver'srequest, he got upset, slammed the door and drove away, she told EPD. The driver was described by the student as a white male in his late sixties, with thin gray hair. Multiple officers responded to the call to locate the vehicle, but they were unable to do so. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Sept. 30 at 9:22 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at 1462 Clifton Rd. Anemployee observed some one carrying what appeared to be a lifeless human body covered in a sheet.She said that something resembling feet dangled from beneath the sheet, and that the suspect holding the body promptly recovered them and kept walking. The employee captured a photo of the person inquestion. EPD checked the area but was unable to make contact with the suspect. A detective reported to the scene and has been assigned to the case.On Sept. 30 at 5:16 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding criminal property damage at the WhiteheadBiomedical Research Building. Officers arrived on the scene and made contact with researchassociates, who stated that some one broke the door of a MiSeq sequencer machine, which is used byEmory's Rheumatology Department to sequence human cells. The machine is valued at $200,000 and the estimated repair cost of the damaged door is between $2,000 and $10,000. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Sept. 30 at 11:27 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding possession of less than one ounce ofmarijuana at the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) house, located at 17 Eagle Row. A Campus Life employee had been conducting building checks when they smelled marijuana, approached the room from which the smell was coming and saw what they believed to be marijuana in a bong in the room. EPD spoke with the room's resident, who admitted that the green leafy substance belonged to him. The resident was issued a citation for less than an ounce of marijuana. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 1 at 1:08 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding under age alcohol consumption. A student called from Clairmont Towers after being woken up by his roommate, a 19-year-old Emory student. Thecaller's roommate had been crawling on his bedroom floor with bloodshot eyes and slurred speech. Thecaller also discovered vomit on the floor. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and decided the student did not need to be transported to the hospital. Emory Facilities Management's Bodily Fluid Clean-Up Team responded and cleaned up the vomit. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 2 at 10 a.m., EPD responded to a theft at the Woodruff Residential Center. An Emory student reported that her silver Apple MacBook Pro was missing from her room, located on the sixth floor of thebuilding. She said she believed the lap top had been stolen the day before between 1 p.m. and 9:30 p.m,after she and her roommate left the room with the door unlocked. The laptop is valued at $1,600. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Oct. 2 at 10:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the WoodruffResidential Center. EPD met with an Emory student who lives on the sixth floor of the building, who reported that an unknown male opened the door to her room Oct. 2 between 3:30 p.m. and 4 p.m. She and a fellow student, who were both inside the room at the time, said the suspect was a black male,aged between 27 and 35, of medium build, wearing a black cap, a red and orange shirt and black jeans.She said that he opened the door, saw the students and immediately closed the door. No words were exchanged between the students and the suspect. The case has been assigned to a detective.