Deja Vu—Post Malone feat. Justin BieberR&B artist Austin Post, better known by his stage name, Post Malone, from Dallas, Texas, is most prominently known for his Billboard-certified double platinum single "White Iverson." Malone recentlytoured worldwide with pop singer Justin Bieber, performing songs from his summer mixtape August26th. The first single for his debut album Stoney is "Deja Vu," a moody, ethereal song that questionsrelationships despite newfound fame, produced by frequent Drake collaborators Frank Dukes ("0 to 100,""Diamonds Dancing," "Pop Style") and Vinylz ("R.I.C.O.," "Right Hand," "The Language"). Bieber'svocals are smooth and seductive, working in combination with the airy instrumental, tinkling keys andmuffled bass. Malone's vocal twinge and sing-songy verses are highly reminiscent of "White Iverson"and, while enjoyable, one wonders if M alone might be a one-trick pony.Cash Machine—D.R.A.M.D.R.A.M. is on a roll. His first popular single, "Cha Cha," became a viral hit in 2014, receiving love from artists like Chance the Rapper and Beyoncé. The single even inspired Drake's highest-charting song,Hotline Bling, which was originally called "Cha Cha (Remix)." D.R.A.M.'s next single, "Broccoli" featuringLil Yachty, released in April 2016, is even more popular, currently at No. 1 on the Billboard Top RapCharts. "Cash Machine" sees D.R.A.M. go three for three with energetic, joyful, feel-good tracks. Thehook is infectious, the melody is unique and playful and if emotional Toronto-inspired R&B artists likeBryson Tiller and PartyNextDoor are beginning to bore you, then D.R.A.M.'s happy-go-lucky attitude and relentless positivity is a breath of fresh air.Last Time—Gucci Mane feat. Travis ScottGucci Mane's latest track, "Last Time," from up coming album Woptober is classic Gucci; it'sbraggadocious, confident and swaggering. His consistent work ethic continues. He's released fivesingles and a 15-track album in the past four months since his release from jail. With production from frequent collaborator and fellow Atlanta native Zaytoven, the"tinkling keys of "Last Time" complement itsbooming bass. The snares and hi-hats are crisp, and the Travis Scott hook is catchy without being overly repetitive. Scott and Gucci work well together: Gucci's boasts about his luxurious lifestyle contrastwell with Scott's auto-tuned crooning. The single is a perfect teaser for Woptober and if "Last Time" isany indication, the album will be another hit for the East Atlanta Santa.