The Hawks came into Sunday's matinee game against the Charlotte Hornets looking to capitalize on a big home win in anticipation of a five game road trip that includes games against the Warriors (53-5),Clippers (38-20), Jazz (28-30), and Raptors (40-18 or 39-19).They were able to do so decisively, winning 87-76 in a game that they never trailed in. The Hawksimproved to 33-27 while the Hornets dropped to 30-28. The Hawks finish the season with a record of 3-1against the Hornets.To end off the first quarter, Tim Hardaway Jr., in his best impression of Stephen Curry's absolutelyridiculous 35-foot game winner against the Thunder on Saturday night, sunk a 41 foot three pointer to extend the Hawks lead to 25-9.The Hornets scored a mere nine points in the first quarter and shot a mind-boggling two for 21 (9.5%)from the floor and were never able to recover from the sizable 25-9 deficit. The Hornets also started off the game going one for 19 (5.2%).The second quarter featured similar trends, but the Hawks and Hornets traded numerous offensivemistakes, often negating each other's opportunities. The Hawks' defense was able to hold the Hornets to a mere 32 points in the first half.The game continued to ebb and flow, and by the fourth quarter, the Hornets cut the lead to two with 7:22left. With the help of five points from Jeremy Lin, the Hornets went on an 11-0 run to pull within a 68-70margin.However, the Hawks responded with a 15-4 run to close out the game and ensure a win that forward AlHorford deemed as "a must win.""We just weren't able to make stops," Hornets guard Jeremy L in said with noticeable dejection after thegame. "In a game that close, you have to make every little play."The Hawks were able to win through much superior shot selection and through defense, as evidenced by the severe discrepancy in field goal percentages between the two teams. The Hawks were more efficient while shooting less shots, shooting 38-77 for 49.4% as opposed to the Hornets' 27-81 for 33.3%.Additionally, the Hawks were able to make one more three-pointer while shooting 15 less times (theHawks shot 8-17 from three as opposed to the Hornets' 7-32).The Hawks' defense has proved itself to be formidable as the team starts to gear up for post season play,but Head Coach Mike Budenholzer believes, offensively, the team has not maximized their potential."[This was a] great win before we go on the road," Coach Budenholzer said in his opening remarks to the media after the game. "I think our defense, for the past two to three games, I think we're hanging our hatthere. Hopefully we'll keep working on the offense and we can get better there."Al Horford posted 13 points and 16 rebounds and Jeff Teague also added 10 points and nine assists.Kyle Korver shot just four shots on the night, including an 0-2 night from three-point, finishing with fourpoints. The offense just doesn't seem to find him anymore.Tim Hardaway had perhaps his finest performance since his June 25 trade for Jerian Grant in the 2015NBA Draft. Hardaway Jr. posted 11 points to go along with a +/- of +20. Asked if it was nice to be in the game during crunch time, Hardaway Jr. answered with a big smile and a laugh, "Yeah, of course."Hardaway Jr. went on to say, "But a win is a win no matter who is on the court."With the official quelling of incessant trade speculation, the atmosphere in the locker room was noticeably loose. Dennis Schroder playfully slapped Tim Hardaway Jr.'s neck during his interview, laterrunning through the tunnels barefoot. Al Horford addressed the media with a smile the entire waythrough. The Hawks are starting to find their rhythm, a rhythm fueled by the selfless distribution of the basketball that allowed them to win 60 games and finish first in the Eastern Conference last year.Whether they are able to consistently provide that rhythm has been one of the team's biggest concernsall year. Consistency, however buzzword-y that may sound, will be the difference between a disappointing first round playoff exit and another triumphant playoff run.The Hawks will have a formidable test in their quest for a third straight win and in their quest forconsistency. Atlanta will kick off a tough, five game road trip when the squad travels to Oakland,California to play the 53-5 Golden State Warriors on Tuesday, March 1st.