Dear Emory Community,The Wheel's editors voted in April to restructure the newspaper's Editorial Board as an entity independent from the news sections of the paper. Our goal was to choose a group of Emory students with diversebackgrounds, views and interests, each of whom both cared about and were willing to be critical of ouruniversity.I'm proud to announce that after a month-long application process, we have found 10 students in whom I have full faith as the official editorial voice of the paper. Members come from as far as Rwanda and as close as Atlanta; spend their time diving into the WoodPEC pool and running a small clothing company;and consider themselves liberals and conservatives.I anticipate the Board will have profound and timely things to say, and I look forward to your response.Sincerely,Zak HudakEditor-in-ChiefAnthony ChauAnthony Chau is a College junior from New York City majoring in psychology and minor ing in Chinese and economics. He is passionate about LGBT activism, political engagement and examining mediabiases, educational access, mental health awareness, chess, musical theater and Olympic figureskating and gymnastics. In addition to copy editing and writing for the arts and entertainment section of the Wheel, he is also active as a tour guide, Interdisciplinary Exploration and Scholarship (IDEAS) fellow,Emory Reads executive board member, anthology editor of The Pulse, seasoned expert at sneaking into the DUC and occasional practitioner of very bad yoga, after which he gorges himself on smoothies filledwith 54 grams of sugar because fruit is healthy. Off-campus, you can find him dancing terribly atconcerts at The Tabernacle or in bed binge-watching Gilmore Girls covered in shame and the crumbs of various snack foods.Annie CohenAnnie Cohen is a College freshman from New Orleans, La., who attended Metairie Park Country DaySchool. While officially undecided, she is looking into studying creative writing and theater, and is currently working on Theater Emory's Romeo and Juliet. She has been doing theater since she was seven and has a special interest in musical theater and Shakespeare. Cohen also loves to cook andread. Some of her favorite books include Pride and Prejudice, the Harry Potter series and the Sherlock Holmes series. Cohen loves Emory and Atlanta and has been enjoying her first semester of college while trying to take advantage of all that Emory and Atlanta have to offer. She could not be happier to serve on the Wheel's Editorial Board and is excited to continue her work here at Emory.Duncan Cock FosterDuncan Cock Foster is a College senior from Seattle, Wash. He started writing opinion pieces and columns for the Wheel about a year ago. He previously served as vice president of his fraternity, BetaTheta Pi. Cock Foster, a computer science major, is interested in technology and entrepreneurship. As asophomore, he co-founded a company called Edward Foster Clothing that manufactures men's buttondown shirts. He is also a traveling member of the Emory Model United Nations (MUN) team. CockFoster loves to read any well-written or interesting book, regardless of subject matter or genre. A student of history, he is especially interested in how historical lessons can be applied to modern problems. He is also a huge football fan.Zachary IssenbergZachary Issenberg is a College senior from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., majoring in comparative literature andhistory. Issenberg started writing for the Wheel his senior year, because he felt like he finally knew enough to say approximately 1,000 words a month. He also runs Emory Radio WMRE and EmoryLiterary Club. Issenberg is currently editing his first collection of poems and writing a novel about a fictional Jewish family who goes from Fiddler-folk roots to a cyberpunk end. After years of being supported by music nerds and book snobs, Issenberg hopes to bring his perspective on inclusivity and open criticism to the Editorial Board. Issenberg's time at Emory has been shaped by the campus'scommitment to sharing ideas in a welcoming environment, and he hopes the Editorial Board may impart good vibes for all.Jennifer KatzJennifer Katzis a College freshman from Maplewood, N.J., planning to major in biology on the premedical track. In her free time, she likes to nap, binge-watch Gilmore Girls and pet lots of cats. She was the co-editor-in-chief of her high school newspaper, The Columbian, where which she developed a deep appreciation for journalism. When she's not at the library, you can find her dancing to Spotify playlists full of Simon & Garfunkel and A Tribe Called Quest, whipping up avocado toast or getting lost in Atlanta. Herfavorite spot near campus is Lullwater, due to her admiration of nature, especially fall foliage. In joining the Wheel's Editorial Board, she hopes to occasionally escape her endless mounds of home work while representing the newspaper with compassion, valiance and integrity.Josh KhalifJosh Khalif is a Goizueta Business School senior concentrating in finance and double majoring inEnglish. On campus, he is on the executive board of the Emory Impact Investing Group, an organization that aims to change the economic landscape of Atlanta by providing debt loans to local entrepreneurs.His role as chief development officer enables him to work with entrepreneurs to meet their business needs on a daily basis. Khalif has also served on the BBA Council, where he was in charge of overseeing extracurricular clubs for all students. Additionally, Khalif is passionate about educationequality, economic issues, politics, sports, financial markets, history and music. In his spare time, Khalifenjoys running, reading and staying up-to-date with current issues. However, as a Philadelphianative,Khalif loves Philly sports above all else.Madeline LutwycheMadeline Lutwyche is a College freshman from Baltimore, Md. She came to Emory primarily for the warm weather, and began working as a copy editor for the Wheel this fall. Lutwyche is interested ineconomics, politics and social justice, and enjoys correcting other people's grammar mistakes. Sheattended The Hill School, a small boarding school outside of Philadelphia. At Emory, Lutwyche is a proud resident of Dobbs Hall and a diver on the women's swimming and diving team. She plans to study economics and applied mathematics and possibly to apply to Goizueta Business School. Lutwyche was born in Kilchberg, Switzerland,but her English parents eventually found their way to the States when she was four years old. When she's not in the pool, Lutwyche enjoys celebrating her heritage with strong cups of tea and inappropriate BBC Radio 4 program(me)s.Shemlah NaphishBorn in Fayetteville, N.C., College senior Shemlah Naphish is an English major with a concentration in African American literature. A QuestBridge scholar, she is heavily involved in economics at Emory,asshe was a teaching assistant for Introduction to Microeconomics and a member of the EmoryEconomics Student Society. The effects of education and economics play an integral role in her understanding of how the world operates. She participates in Volunteer Emory and has experiencetutoring international students. Naphish also enjoys attending extracurricular events offered throughout the year dealing with global social justice, economics, business and health-related topics. She enjoysfitness, music, dancing and swimming. Naphish aims to bring to the Editorial Board a realistic perspective that relies on asking questions to reach the most rational solution. Observant and analytical,Naphish understands her ability to interact with different types of people and believes that she will be able to provide a sound solution to any problem.Boris NiyonzimaNiyonzima is a College freshman from Kigali, Rwanda, possibly majoring in political science and wishing he could still minor journalism. He lived in Arusha, Tanzania, for 11 years, spent four years in New York City and is embarrassed to tell people that he has been living in New Jersey for the past three years.Niyonzima attended the United Nations International School in Manhattan, where he spent most of his time on extracurricular activities like Model United Nations (MUN) and student government while neglecting his class work. On campus, he is involved with Volunteer Emory and Young Democrats ofEmory, two clubs that encompass his biggest interests: community service and political engagement.Within these interests, the issues most important to Niyonzima are creating equality for marginalizedgroups, expanding the power of youth voters and Chelsea F.C. winning the Premier League, all in the spirit of creating a better world.Tarrek ShabanTarrek Shaban is a College senior from Atlanta. He has been an editor at The Emory Wheel since the fall of his freshman year at Emory. He is a political science and computer science double major, pursuing anhonors thesis looking into how social media can be used to predict the elections. Shaban is currently serving on Emory University's Senate Committee for Open Expression and is a member of the Emory College Honor Council and The Student Hardship Fund. He has been a travelling member of the EmoryModel United Nations (MUN) team, and he has run committees for M UN at Emory. He will be running the Red Room Committee Spring 2017, which deals with the ideological conflicts within the Soviet Union after the death of Lenin. Shaban plans on attending law school after graduating from Emory. He is an avid Yankees fan, enjoys golfing, cooking and obsessively following FiveThirtyEight's election forecast.