On Feb. 11 at 10:27 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a strong scent of marijuana coming from an apartment in Clairmont Tower. The complainant believed that his roommate had marijuana at the location. The complainant did not let officers into the apartment because he didn'twant his roommate to find out that he made the call. The case has been turned over to a detective andCampus Life.On Feb. 12 at 2:36 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a burglary at Evans Hall. A student told officers that on Feb. 9 between 5:30 p.m. and 10 p.m., some one entered her room and stole a sterling silver ring valued at $2,000. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On Feb. 12 at 4:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a damaged vehicle at the Lower gate SouthParking Deck. The driver of a 2012 Nissan Versa called EPD after seeing damage on the driver sidefront bumper. The case has been turned over to an investigator.On Feb. 12 at 10:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding broken glass near a house in the vicinity of the Briarcliff house. When officers arrived on the scene, they located broken eggs and plates on the side of the house but no broken glass.On Feb. 13 at 2:18 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a student under the influence of alcohol at the intersection of Eagle Row and the Longstreet-Means parking garage. When officers arrived, EmoryEmergency Medical Technicians were rendering aid to the individual. The student said that she had taken the Safe Ride bus but had experienced motion sickness. The student said she drank two glasses of vodka mixed with coke earlier in the evening and attended a party on Eagle Row. The student refusedtransportation to the hospital and was released to a friend who was to monitor her throughout the night.On Feb. 14 at 8:52 a.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at Clairmont Tower. When EPD officers andDeKalb Fire and Facilities Management arrived on the scene, they located burnt French toast on the eleventh floor. There was damage to the building.