Junior pitcher Brittany File went 4-0 on the weekend. Courtesy of Emory AthleticsEmory's soft ball team (32-4) went 4-0 this past week end on their road trip to Memphis, Tenn., with juniorpitcher Brittany File winning all four of the decisions to make her record 28-2 on the year. Emory toppedSouthwestern University (Texas) 4-3 and Rhodes College (Tenn.) 5-0 on Saturday. The team againdefeated Southwestern 8-3 and Rhodes 8-1 on Sunday.In the opener on Saturday against Southwestern, a single by junior second baseman Amy Wray in the bottom of the eighth inning plated freshman pinch runner Kelsey Alexander with the winning run. Seniorcenter fielder Alyssa Pollard and junior left fielder Taylor Forte paced Emory's 13-hit attack, each going three for four in the game. Pollard scored a pair of runs, while Forte scored once and drove in one run. Inaddition, freshman right fielder Sam Vincent collected four hits in all four of her plate appearances.Freshman Jessica MacWilliams got the start and struggled early on, giving up three runs in two innings.File got the win in relief, taking over in the third and finishing the game. File allowed three hits, no runs and struck out 12.In the second game of the day, Emory faced off against Rhodes, winning 5-0. File tossed a three-hitshutout while striking out ten, and Wray knocked in three runs to help Emory get the win. Wray turned in a three-for-three effort at the plate, including a pair of RBI doubles, for her fifth multi-hit performance of the year. Emory picked up all the runs it would need in the top of the second when it scored twice, the first run coming across the plate when Wray singled in Vincent. Wray then scored following a single byfreshman third baseman Emmeryn Wheelan.In the first game on Sunday, Emory topped Southwestern 8-3 without striking out a single time. File once again got the start and went the first five and two-thirds innings, allowing just three hits and striking out11. Pollard and senior shortstop Melody Carter both homered in the game to bring home six of Emory'sruns on the day. They each collected a pair of hits on the day as well.The final game of the weekend saw Emory take on and defeat Rhodes, this time by a score of 8-1.Carter allowed the Eagles to easily cruise to a victory, thanks to her four hits, two doubles, home run and six RBIs. Wray also managed two hits, including a double. File once again took the mound to start, herfourth appearance of the weekend, and she did not disappoint. She tossed six shutout innings, allowingthree hits, one walk and 10 strikeouts. That performance was good enough for her 28th win of the year.On Sunday, File broke the program season records in both wins and strikeouts. File's record of 28-2surpassed Amanda Kardys' previous mark of 27 wins in 2014. The week end also allowed File to break the record for most strikeouts for an Emory pitcher. File now has 251 strikeouts on the season,shattering Shannon Anderson's 2008 record of 230 by 21 strikeouts. The Eagles still have four games left on the year.Emory returns to action on Tuesday, April 19, when they take on Wesleyan College (Ga.) in adoubleheader. They will then finish regular season play Saturday, April 23, with a double header againstLaGrange College (Ga.).