At the Food Advisory Committee at Emory's (FACE) first meeting of the academic year, held Tuesday night in the Winship Ballroom, students voiced concerns about the meal swipe policy in Dobbs Marketand the high prices at Kaldi's Coffee. FACE also announced that the Dobbs University Center (DUC)reconstruction will be delayed until May 2017.Co-chairs of the FACE Advisory Committee and College seniors Samantha Goodman and KatarinaBartel led the meeting. Goodman said that FACE's role is to be a "liaison between Emory and the studentbody," then announced the postponement of DUC reconstruction, which was initially scheduled to take place over this year's winter break."The DUC will remain open through the 2017 Spring semester, as will the Kaldi's on the lower level,"Senior Director of University Food Service Administration Dave Furhman said.Emory Dining also addressed concerns over the newly enforced meal swipe policy in Dobbs Market."It has always been the policy that meal plan [swipes] are not transferrable," Assistant Director of University Food Service Administration Chad Sunstein said. "By enforcing it this year, we hope to avoid driving up prices for future students."Furhman announced that Emory Dining's Fall 2016 pilot program that allows students to donate mealswipes will be renewed for Spring 2017. The program permits students with Meal Plan A to donate up to two swipes a semester to students in need.Students also voiced concerns about the DUC's options for students with dietary restrictions."I've noticed a lack of vegetarian options between meal times at the DUC," College sophomore JenniferChoe said.College senior Oceana Hopkins added that the meal plan designed for off-campus students "doesn'taccommodate the living restrictions imposed on Resident Advisors. There are no options during theweekend."Furhman assured students that Emory Dining will look into their concerns and addressed the complaint that DUC food stations are routinely closed by 7:45 p.m. rather than the official 8 p.m. closing time."[Closing early] is never intentional, but it's never okay," Furhman said.He encouraged students to text the FACE Feedback Line when they encounter such issues.In response to complaints about the high prices at Kaldi's and the few alternative coffee vendorsavailable on campus, Bartel explained FACE's vision for the new Kaldi's at the Depot."We wanted to not only replace the Kaldi's in the DUC, but to create a study space."Changes to the Depot location include Wi-Fi with two routers, USB plugs and a performance space.Bartel reminded students that the Kaldi's in the Depot is meant to substitute the Kaldi's location in the DUC during reconstruction."The Kaldi's-taking-over-the-universe issue will be put to rest by the end of the year," Furhman joked. He added that there are six on-campus coffee vendor alternatives to Kaldi's.Bartel said that the Kaldi's menu will be expanded in the near future to include chicken fingers, chocolatebread pudding and cheesy bread. As a result of student lobbying, he said, the Depot location will remain open from 11 a.m. to 2 a.m.Sunstein also addressed students' complaints regarding high prices at Kaldi's."Kaldi's is one of the few vendors that will adhere to Emory's sustainability and wage standards,"Sunstein said. "Their coffees and teas are all free-trade, and their employees are paid $12.08 per hour.This affects prices."Goodman elaborated on the breadth of students' dining options, noting that 18 new food truck vendorsare now accepting Dooley Dollars, including Honey Bubble and the dairy-free Revolution Gelato. Anadditional food vendor, Strada Napoli Pizza, will be splitting its time between Asbury Circle and ClairmontCampus.Emory Dining representatives encouraged all students to take the annual dining survey, which will be released mid-October and seeks to collect student feedback regarding dining hours and options.