On Nov. 22 at 12:39 p.m., an Emory Police Department (EPD) officer observed an individual riding ascooter southbound on Clifton Road. The officer stopped the driver, a 21-year-old Emory student, onEagle Row for not wearing protective headgear. While citing the student for a helmet violation, the officer discovered that the City of Atlanta had issued a warrant for her arrest for failing to appear in court. The officer arrested the individual, College senior Janay DeVillasee, and took her to De Kalb County Jail.On Nov. 22 at 3:04 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at Starvine Parking Deck.An Emory Healthcare employee reported damage on her 2016 Toyota Camry, which had white marks on the driver's side door, rear fender and rear bumper. EPD could not determine what had left the marks.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 23 at 2:34 pm, EPD responded to a call regarding a second-degree burglary at the Psychology and Interdisciplinary Sciences (PAIS) Building. A staff member reported that $580 had been stolen from a cash box on the fifth floor of the building. The cash was supposed to be used to compensate researchstudy participants. According to a University professor in the Department of Psychology, some of the money went missing before Oct. 3 and the remaining money had been taken between Oct. 3 at 7 a.m.and Nov. 3 at 10:30 a.m. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 25 at 3:09 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft in Lower gate Visitor Parking Deck.An individual reported that he had left his 2003 Ford Super Duty truck parked in a visitor spot between10:45 a.m. and 3 p.m. that day. During that time, some one broke into the truck and took a duffel bag,which contained clothing and prescription medicine, valued at $617 total. A small hole had been punched under the driver side door handle, loosening the door's embedded locks. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 27 at 10:27 a.m., an EPD officer patrolling Briarcliff Campus observed two vehicles parked in front of the Candler Mansion and four unauthorized persons walking near the mansion with cameras.The officer spoke with the subjects, who said they wanted to film video and take photos of the mansion.The officer told them they would need permission from Emory to do so and asked them to leave thelocation, which they did without incident. The subjects were unaffiliated with Emory, and the officer determined that there was no indication that they had entered the mansion.On Nov. 27 at 4:30 p.m., an EPD officer patrolling the area around the Candler Mansion observed two people exiting the mansion through an open window, which had become unboarded prior to the subjects'arrival. Two other officers arrived on the scene and approached the subjects, two 18-year-old studentsfrom Kennesaw State University, who said they had read about the building online. The students told officers they had only been inside the mansion for about seven minutes. The officer asked the students to leave and they did so without incident. EPD called Facilities Management, which responded and reattached a board to the open window.On Nov. 27 at 11:12 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding public indecency at the Hugh F. MacMillanLaw Library. A building security guard reported that he had seen a naked male walking along the fifth floor hallway of the library. When officers arrived, the security guard said the man had put on his clothes and left after he had called. Soon after, another officer reported that he had just seen the subject walking along Clifton Road. Officers responded and spoke with the 27-year-old man, who admitted to being naked in the library. The subject was unaffiliated with Emory. Officers issued him a citation for publicindecency.