On Oct. 23 at 1:30 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a bike theft at the entrance of Clairmont's Undergraduate Residential Center (URC) parking deck. A student reported that his bike, which he locked to a rack near the URC parking deck Oct. 20 at 7 p.m., was missing. He reported that he had locked his bike with a Kryptonite lock and then left town for a few days. When he returned to the rack Oct. 23 at 1:30 p.m., his bike was gone. The bike, a Specialized Sirrus road bike, is valued at $550 and the bike lock is valued at $50. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 24 at 5:29 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from Clairmont Tower. Officers spoke with an Emory student who reported $1,430 in cash was stolen off his desk in his room. He said that three of his friends had given him the money to help him to pay for an interpreter course for a club of which they were all members. The student reported placing the money inside a plastic bag and leaving the bag on his desk at 6 p.m. on Oct. 23 before he left to study at Robert W. Woodruff Library. He returned to his room at 3 a.m. on Oct. 24 and discovered the money missing at 10 a.m. He reported that his roommates do not always secure the front door to the apartment. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Oct. 25 at 4:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at Casa Emory, the Spanish and Portuguese house, located at 756 Peavine Creek Road. An Emory student reported that the front windshield of her 2006 Toyota Corolla had a deep, circular cut in it. She said that the car was parked at the location from Oct. 20 to Oct. 25. She reported that some one had also recently broken herrear windshield, which she had to have replaced. Officers asked her if she had received any threatsrecently, but she said that she had not. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 26 at 12:35 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding the electronic transmission of sexuallyexplicit material. Officers met with an Emory student who stated she had received threateningmessages. She had recently created an account on an online dating site called "Seeking Arrangement"and had sent a user on the site partially nude photos of herself. She sent the photos Oct. 17 and received responses from two different individuals Oct. 24 and Oct. 26 indicating that the photos had been posted to a Tumblr account, an online trading forum and an unknown third website. The student told EPD that the man she sent the images to is 27 years old, lives in South Carolina and works in technicalmanagement. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 28 at 11:45 p.m., EPD responded to an individual intoxication call at the Pi Kappa Alpha house,located at 10 Eagle Row. Offices arrived on the scene and met with Jose Sandoval, the chapterpresident. Sandoval led officers to an Emory student, an 18-year-old male, who had passed out on a couch in one of the rooms. The student then got up and vomited into a mop bucket. Another Emorystudent told officers that the intoxicated student had a "shit ton" to drink at the party, which included mainly vodka and mixed drinks, and that he had consumed two acid tablets the night before. AmericanMedical Response (AMR) also arrived on the scene, and the student was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). The incident is currently under investigation, according to Campus Life SeniorDirector for Communications Tomika DePriest.On Oct. 29 at 3:29 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a burglary at Clairmont Tower. An Emorystudent reported his wallet missing from the common area of his apartment on the third floor. The student said that he left his apartment for four minutes, and when he returned the items were missing. The student had left the building with two friends but upon exiting realized that he left his wallet in hisapartment. After some one let the student reenter the building, he asked his neighbor if he could use his balcony to climb to his own. The student entered the apartment through the unlocked glass door to find his wallet and keys were no longer on the common room table. The student reported the only other people with access to his room were his roommates. Officers at the scene questioned the roommates,who all reported being in the apartment but a sleep or in their rooms at the time. One room mate stated he left the apartment briefly to throw something away. The wallet contained the student's driver's license,insurance card, debit card and Emory ID. The case has been assigned to an investigator.