On March 27 at 10:19 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center (DUC). An Emory student reported his black backpack stolen after leaving it at a table on the second level of the dining area. The student said he left for about two minutes to get food.When he returned, his back pack was missing. The bag contained an Acer laptop and charger, hispassport, keys and school supplies. The case has been assigned to a detective.On March 29 at 12:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a disoriented person in Longstreet-MeansResidence Hall. Officers met with an Emory student in a second floor study lounge who told them that the disoriented student said he wanted to die. Prior to the officers' arrival, there was an altercation between the two students. Campus Life was notified.On April 1 at 3:28 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated Emory student in Dobbs Hall.Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) alsoresponded to the scene. Officers found the student lying on the floor of a locked women's bathroom stall.The EPD officer unlocked the stall so the EEMS responder could render aid to the student, whosespeech was slurred and feet were unsteady. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital(EUH). Campus Life was notified.On April 1 at 8:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding harassing messages on social media. AnEmory student reported checking her Instagram April 1 at 8:18 p.m. to find two direct messagescontaining threatening and profane language. A March 26 message called the student an "ugly terroristpsychotic b**tch," and a March 27 message told the student to kill herself. The student said she was unsure of the sender's identity because she did not recognize the username. Campus Life was notified.The case has been assigned to a detective.On April 2 at 4:40 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a person semiconscious due to alcohol at the roundabout outside of Clairmont Tower on Dooley Drive. EEMS and DeKalb AMR also arrived on thescene. The 19-year-old Emory student reported consuming 12 shots of tequila between midnight and 2a.m. at a bar in Buckhead. The student received medical attention but refused transport to Emory University Hospital (EUH). EPD assisted the student back to his room. Campus Life was notified.