EMORY – Emory Unplugged shut down between Saturday evening and Sunday evening, during whichWi-Fi users were unable to access the internet on Emory's network. More than a dozen workers fromLibrary & Information Technology Services worked to identify the problem, which was not caused by an external breach, according to Director of Network Services Wayne Ortman. Ortman declined to comment further on the cause of the shutdown.EMORY – College Council (CC) announced it would renew its program that provides free tampons at three locations on Emory's Atlanta campus. Student Health Services and the Office of Health Promotionwill join Campus Services to fund the program, which will continue through Dec. 31, 2018, according to CC President and College senior Molly Zhu. The program, which ran Sept. 6, 2016 to Dec. 5, 2016, was renewed after CC deemed it successful — more than 1130 tampons and 60 pads were used, accordingto CC's calculations. The bath rooms with dispensers containing free tampons are located at the mainwomen's bathroom in the Dobbs University Center (DUC), White Hall and the first two floors of the Robert W. Woodruff Library.EMORY – Lucky's Burger & Brew in Emory Village closed permanently Sunday after one-and-a-halfyears of business. Chief Operating Officer Ted Lescher said sales were insufficient to continue operating at the Village location. The restaurant owners are looking to sublet to a new tenant, according to Lescher.Lucky's will continue serving food at its remaining locations in Brookhaven and Roswell.EMORY – Some Emory graduate students are attempting to form a graduate student union following the National Labor Relations Board's declaration that graduate students at private universities working as teaching and research assistants are covered by federal labor laws, according to The Chicago Tribune.Laney Graduate School students Cameron Thurber and Molly Slavin are seeking signatures from 30percent of Laney students so a formal vote to unionize can be held for all Laney students. Thurber said that a group of Emory graduate students "want[s] … to make sure that the work that [graduate students]do is recognized and compensated at a rate that is nationally prescribed."WASHINGTON, D.C. – President Donald J. Trump fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates Mondayafter she ordered Justice Department lawyers not to defend Trump's executive order banning U.S. entryfrom citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries, The New York Times reported. Yates served as deputy attorney general under the Obama administration and was replaced by Dana Boente, the U.S.attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, who will serve as acting attorney general until the U.S. Senateconfirms a new attorney general, according to the Times.