On Jan. 16 at 5:22 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a shoplifter at the Emory University Barnes and Noble. Officers spoke with an employee who stopped a student after he set off the alarm while leaving the store. The student had three copies of the same textbook in hisbookbag, valued at $1,036.05. The student told officers he recently found out that he could afford to remain at Emory but needed one of the text books for class and planned to sell the other two. The case was assigned to an investigator, and Campus Life was notified.On Jan. 17 at 12:25 a.m., EPD officers patrolling Clifton Road near Fishburne Drive made contact with a male subject matching a description from a suspicious activity and trespassing call from the SchwartzCenter for Performing Arts the previous day. They spoke with the subject and confirmed with EmoryDispatch that there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest from the Gwinnett County Sheriff's Office.EPD arrested Erick Parris for failure to appear in court for theft and transported him to DeKalb CountyJail.On Jan. 17 at 12:45 p.m., EPD responded to call regarding a theft from 36 Eagle Row, the Psychology and Interdisciplinary Sciences (PAIS) building. The complainant, a University staff member, reported fourgrey iPad minis missing from a fifth-floor desk. The staff member reported they were taken sometimebetween mid-August 2016 and Dec. 19, 2016. The iPads belong to the University and were used to collected survey data. The total value for all four iPads is $956. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 19 at 7:56 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Woodruff P.E. Center(WoodPEC). An Emory student reported his wallet was stolen while he was playing basketball on the first floor courts. He left his wallet behind a basket ball post at 5:45 p.m. and realized it was gone between6:30 and 7 p.m. The wallet contained his Emory ID, two debit cards and $50 cash. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 20 at 4:37 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding mobile harassment. An Emory University School of Law student told officers she met a man on Minder, a Muslim dating website, and they decided to be exclusive. They had been communicating via phone since Dec. 17, but recently broke off theirrelationship. She received 55 text messages and five calls from him between 9:56 a.m. and 3:09 p.m.Jan. 20 while she was in class. He asked her to rekindle their relationship, and she asked him to leave her alone. He has complied with her request, but she reported him to EPD as a safety precaution. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 20 at 6:10 p.m., EPD responded to call regarding criminal damage at the Schwartz Center.Officers met with the Schwartz Center Executive Director Dwight Vaught, who was notified by a professor about a damaged Steinway & Sons Model B piano. The piano's top was partially ripped off its hinges on the left side with visible damage to the hinges. The music rack had broken wood near itshinges. When the damage occurred and the total cost of damages is unknown, but similar Steinwaypianos sell for between $25,000 and $30,000, according to Vaught. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 21 at 11:11 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding criminal trespassing and property damage at the Clairmont Residential Center Building E. Officers met with a faculty in residence, who reported she was involved in political activism, helped organize marches and provided students with supplies likemarkers and poster board for protests. She left the supplies outside of her apartment and later foundinappropriate messages, including racial slurs and vulgar language, written on the posters and plasticwrap. The damage occurred between Jan. 20 at 11 p.m. and Jan. 31 at 10:30 a.m. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 21 at 9:15 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a stolen bike at Longstreet-Means Hall. AnEmory student told EPD officers he locked his bike with a cable lock outside of the Dobbs UniversityCenter Jan. 20 at 1:30 p.m. He noticed the bike was missing Jan. 21 at 1:20 p.m. The bike is a black and white Giant Bicycles brand, valued at $350. The lock is valued at $25. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.