On Jan. 31 at 7:21 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center (DUC). An Emory student reported her back pack stolen from the second-tierdining area. She left her back pack at a table at 5:25 p.m. to get food and returned around 5:30 p.m. to find other students sitting at the table and the bag missing. The students told her that they had not seen herbackpack. After searching the surrounding area, she was unable to locate it. The backpack, a green and blue L.L.Bean bag embroidered with her name, contained a MacBook, textbooks and a pair of Beatsheadphones, valued at $650 total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 4 at 5:32 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Woodruff P.E. Center. An Emorystudent reported his silver iPhone 6s missing. He left his back pack behind a goal post and played basketball on the first floor courts from 2 p.m. to 4:14 p.m. When he went to retrieve his backpackaround 4:15 p.m., he noticed that the front pocket was unzipped and his phone was missing. The phone is valued at $600. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 4 at 8:09 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding public indecency at the Starbucks located in the Oxford Road Building. An Emory student told officers that she arrived at Starbucks at 5 p.m. and satinside. A black male of medium build who was approximately 40 years old and wearing a blue sweater,glasses and a black baseball hat, was sitting across from her. Later, he stood up, moved closer to her and exposed his pen is to her. The Emory student scolded the individual and he apologized for hisactions. She then told Store Manager Kieira Rogers about the incident, and the subject left Starbucks.Rogers told officers the subject is a regular customer and usually stays in the store for an extended period of time. Officers searched the surrounding area but were unable to locate the subject. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 5 at 1:56 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft in Raoul Hall. Officers met with an Emory student who reported a red envelope containing four $100 bills missing from a safe in his room onRaoul's fourth floor. He last saw the envelope Jan. 30, and noticed it was missing Feb. 3. The room and safe were reportedly left unsecured for the majority of the week. Campus Life was notified. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 6 at 1:14 a.m., two EPD officers patrolling a walking trail behind the Michael C. Carlos Museumfound a yellow coin purse on the ground near the Mizell Bridge. The purse contained a plastic bag with a green leafy substance smelling of unburnt marijuana. The officers placed the purse and its contents in evidence at the EPD station.