The No. 7-ranked Emory golf team started off the season with a comfortable win at the Rhodes CollegeFall Classic in Tunica, Miss., Sept. 17-18. Sophomore Matt Organisak paved the way for the team,setting an Emory record in a 54-hole tournament with his three round total of 206.The Eagles finished first in a field of 19 teams with a total team score of 855, breaking Emory's teamscore record for a three-round event. The old record was set last year at the Jekyll Island CollegiateInvitational in Georgia, where the team had a mark of 866.The Eagles finished seven shots under the No. 1-ranked University of Texas at Tyler, which finished in second with a score of 862. Southwestern University (Texas) placed third with a score of 866, followed by Rhodes College (Tenn.) at 873."We played well," Organisak said. "It was very early in the season and the exact start we need for thisseason."Organisak starred for the team, as he earned joint first place honors alongside Will Hocker of Webster University (Mo.) in a 98-player field. Both shot 10-under par with a score of 206. Organisak also broke a few records on his way to the top of the leader board. His scores for the three rounds were 71-67-68. Hissecond-round score gave him a career best for a round and his final score of 206 is a school record for a54-hole tournament.Head Coach Josh Sjoberg praised both the team's and Organisak's performance."It was brilliant," Sjoberg said. "All five guys contributed. Everyone played well. [Organisak] played [well]going 10-under leading the way."Freshman Eric Yiu finished his first tournament in second place for the Eagles and No. 15 overall. He had a score of one over par at 217. Junior Connor Yakubov finished not far behind, going three over par for a score of 219, which placed him No. 19 overall. Seniors Keenan Hickton and Sean Murphy finished with scores of 221 (No. 27) and 223 (No. 37), respectively.The Eagles will look to continue their hot start Sept. 24-25 at the NCAA DIII Fall Preview at GrandoverResort in Greensboro, N.C."[We just want to] continue to get better and gain confidence from it by staying with the process of doing what we do every day," Sjoberg said. "We got good players that can keep playing at a high level."With another tournament this up coming weekend, the team appears ready and determined to take on thechallenge.