What's a "sanctuary campus"?What happened to Emory's student government?Why isn't Migosperforming at Dooley's Week?Are we part of Atlanta yet?2017 was a year of uncertainty. At Emory and nationwide, people grappled with the Trumpadministration's unorthodox and divisive politics, the future of undocumented immigrants and the destruction of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria. On campus, Emory's student governments dealt with the difficulties of a defunct constitution after the undergraduate-graduate split, a fraudulent bookingagency scammed the Student Programming Council and the Atlanta City Council approved theUniversity's petition to annex into Atlanta. A year of change and turmoil, 2017 also saw a hit Netflix showbeing filmed down the road from the Atlanta campus and spawned one of the most beloved EmoryPolice Department (EPD) crime reports.Wheel editors selected the 17 most pivotal stories of the year based on on line page views and community impact.1. Emory Community Members Join Atlanta Social Justice MarchAlex Klugerman; Hagar Elsayed and Leila Yavari | Jan. 23, 2017Amid a sea of hand made signs declaring "Nasty Women Make History" and "Women's Rights areHuman Rights," more than 100 Emory community members joined thousands of protesters in Atlanta at the March for Social Justice and Women two days after President Donald J. Trump's inauguration. Alongwith hundreds of other marches nationwide, the Atlanta protesters called on the Trump administration to pay attention to reproductive and civil rights. U.S. Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) and other politicians offeredwords of hope to the demonstrators. Read the full story here. Watch the video here.2. Emory Will Not Be 'Sanctuary Campus'; Admins Vow to Support Undoc. Students, RefuseDesignationJulia Munslow | Jan. 25, 2017University administration decided to not designate Emory as a "sanctuary campus" after a petition asking Emory to adopt the label garnered signatures from 1,500 community members and 17organizations. The University said Jan. 18 that it would support undocumented students through othermethods, such as providing legal and financial aid. Some members of the Undocumented StudentsAssociation (USA) said they did not want Emory to be a "sanctuary campus," citing legal implications,while the Emory Sanctuary Coalition wrote in a Jan. 18 Facebook post published shortly after theUniversity's announcement that the University had "not declared policy changes that would better support undocumented students, now or in the future." Read the full story here.3. SGA Splits Into Two BranchesEmily Sullivan | Feb. 1, 2017The passage of a University-wide referendum split the Student Government Association (SGA) intoautonomous undergraduate and graduate branches, the Student Government Association and Graduate Student Government Association after 50 SGA legislatures. The split had been proposed in 2016 toaddress concerns about graduate student representation in the former SGA structure. Read the full storyhere.4. Sanctuary Coalition Stages Rally During Sterk Inauguration; Sterk Commits to Inclusion, GlobalEngagement at InaugurationJulia Munslow and Michelle Lou | Feb. 10, 2017On the day of University President Claire E. Sterk's inauguration, about 175 Emory communitymembers gathered on the Quadrangle to call on Sterk to designate Emory as a "sanctuary campus" in a demonstration organized by the Emory Sanctuary Coalition. The protesters implored the administration to adopt the designation and called Emory to focus on its social justice initiatives rather than its nationalranking, among other criticisms. Only hundreds of feet away in Glenn Memorial Church auditorium,Sterk, a Netherlands native, emphasized the importance of collaboration and global engagement at her inauguration as the 20th and first female president of Emory University. Read the stories here.5. U.S. Poet Laureate Decries Trump WallJulia Munslow | Feb. 22, 2017When former U.S. Poet Laureate Juan Felipe Herrera visited Emory, he discussed his memories ofimmigration, a contentious topic under the Trump administration, and how he uses storytelling to unitecommunities. In an interview with the Wheel, he criticized President Donald J. Trump's promise to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexican border. "We've turned ourselves into the makers of a sick, border-securitizingmachine and that's our downfall," Herrera said. Read the full story here.6. OP-ED: Emory's War on Greek LifeDuncan Cock Foster | March 1, 2017In the Wheel's most-read story of 2017 with more than 8,500 page views, former Editorial Board memberDuncan Cock Foster (17C) criticized the methods that the Emory administration uses to investigatefraternities, writing that the formal hearing process does not treat fraternities fairly and violates students'rights. "We were guilty until proven innocent," former Beta Theta Pi President Julian Adler (17B) said.Read the op-ed here.7. EDITORIAL: SGA Acts First, Thinks SecondThe Editorial Board | March 1, 2017The Wheel's Editorial Board criticized student government leaders for rushing into a University-widereferendum that split SGA into two autonomous undergraduate and graduate branches. The Board opined that the leaders failed to prepare adequately for the consequences of the split, which included how to act with a defunct constitution. "Our elected leaders engineered a plan that failed to take any of this intoaccount, and SGA is now operating without real checks on its action," the Editorial Board wrote. Read the editorial here.8. Fraudulent Agency Scams SPCAlex Klugerman and Richard Chess | March 29, 2017Weeks after announcing Migos as the 2017 Dooley's Week headliner, Emory's Student ProgrammingCouncil (SPC) realized that the third-party booking agency that it had used to book the hip-hop trio wasfraudulent. The agency was not on the University's pre-approved vendor list and the Office of General Counsel and Campus Life failed to discover its illegitimate status until less than two weeks before the scheduled concert. After 13 unmet requests to student government leaders and administrators for public financial documents, the Wheel broke 65 days later that Emory had lost $37,500 to the fraudulentagency. Read the full story here.9. Adios A(Migos)Abdul Bingahlan, Justin January and Aditya Prakash | March 30, 2017Three Wheel contributors shared their thoughts on the Migos fiasco days after SPC announced Emory had been scammed by a fraudulent, third-party booking agency. "The disappointing feelings caused by this incident have left the student body feeling empty," Aditya Prakash (20C) wrote. Read the full storyhere.10. CARTOON: DeKalb's 'Lost Cause'Rose Kuan | Sept. 6, 2017Paired with the Wheel's Editorial Board's "White Supremacist Symbol Tarnishes Old DeKalbCourthouse," cartoonist Rose Kuan satirized the debate surrounding the "Lost Cause" Confederatemonument in Decatur, Ga.11. The 'Coors Light' Crime ReportMonica Lefton | Sept. 12, 2017When Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual, officersfound a 19-year-old Emory student on her feet and unsteady. When officers asked the student who the president was, she responded "Coors Light." The report went viral, garnering more than 4,900 pageviews and more than 1,250 reactions on Facebook. Read the full report here.12. Irma's Fierce Winds, Rain Rattle GeorgiaMichelle Lou | Sept. 13, 2017Emory weathered Hurricane Irma after it downgraded to a tropical storm, which caused intermittentpower outages and downed trees on and around the Atlanta campus. The University closed for two days due to the severe weather conditions. Alongside Irma, Hurricanes Harvey and Maria also devastated areas in the South and Caribbean islands leaving some students worried about their homes and struggling to contact their loved ones affected by the storms. Read the full story here.13. OP-ED: Wheel Lacks Black Student Voices: The Need for Diversity in the NewsroomBoris Niyonzima | Sept. 20, 2017Editorial Board member Boris Niyonzima (20C) criticized the lack of black writers in the Wheel's andnational newsrooms. Citing a larger trend of disproportionately white and male newsrooms nationwide,Niyonzima called on the Wheel to "come up with creative solutions in advertising, outreach and retention to make their newsroom feel like a space where a diverse group of writers and reporters are welcome to be a voice for the voiceless." Read the op-ed here.14. Eagles Topple No. 1 UChicago, End Maroons' 28-Game Undefeated StreakAnnie Uichanco | Oct. 18, 2017During a historic weekend in Chicago, Emory's men's soccer team defeated the No. 1-ranked University of Chicago Maroons 3-0, extending the Eagles' win streak to eight games. The win tied Emory at No. 1with UChicago, Brandeis University (Mass.) and Rochester University (N.Y.) in the University Athletic Association (UAA). Read the full story here.15. 'Let the Baby Live': Dozens Protest Child's Transplant DelayMolly Ball | Oct. 31, 2017A string of protests and prayer vigils by greater Atlanta area and Emory community members ensuedafter Emory University Hospital (EUH) delayed toddler A.J. Burgess' kidney transplant surgery. EUHhad denied a request for Anthony Dickerson, who violated his probation, to donate his kidney to his 2year-old son. About a month after EUH denied the request, EUH issued a public apology for its lack of communication with the family, and Burgess received a kidney from an anonymous donor beforeThanksgiving. Read the story here. Read about Emory Healthcare's response here. Read the full coverage here.16. 'Stranger Things' in Familiar PlacesMonica Lefton | Nov. 15, 2017Although "Stranger Things'" Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) might seem like she's from another universe,she was actually raised five minutes down North Decatur Road. The University-owned Briarcliff BuildingA is a filming location for the hit Netflix series, where it doubles as Hawkins National Laboratory.Unknown to most, the building previously hosted the Georgia Mental Health Institute. Read the full storyhere.17. Emory, CDC to be Annexed into AtlantaRichard Chess and Madison Bober | Jan. 23, 2017Atlanta City Council approved Emory's annexation into Atlanta six months after Emory filed its initialpetition. Alongside Emory, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Children's Healthcare ofAtlanta (CHOA) at Egleston, Villa International, Synod of South Atlantic Presbyterian Church and a Georgia Power substation are also scheduled for annexation into the city Jan. 1, 2018. The annexation will change some Emory service providers and may pave way for a MARTA light-rail line down CliftonRoad. Read the full story here.2017 by the Numbers0Facebook Likes0Stories Published0Page Views0Twitter Followers