Recent Emory graduate (17L) died Sept. 25, according to a Sept. 29 email to Law School staff members sent on behalf of Interim Dean James B. Hughes. Adams was 25 years old.The Wheel was unable to confirm the cause of death as of Oct. 3.At Emory, Adams served as notes and comments editor for the "Emory Bankruptcy DevelopmentsJournal," treasurer for the Emory Law Student Bar Association, the first-year representative for the Black Law Student Association and a member of the transactional law competition team, according to hisLinkedIn. He earned his undergraduate degree in public policy and English from the University ofMississippi.Adams started working as an associate at corporate law firm Lowenstein Sandler in New York in September 2017, according to his LinkedIn. His profile on the company's website was removed as ofSept. 28.His mother, Jen Adams, started a GoFundMe page to assist with the funeral expenses and transporting his belongings from New York City to Tennessee. Although her goal was $10,000, the mother of three has raised more than $19,000."[Edward Cortez Adams] studied very hard and sacrificed so much to stay focused and achieve the dreams he wanted for his life at such a young age!" Jen Adams wrote in the GoFundMe description. "Hewas so proud of finally arriving at the moment of graduating, passing the bar exam, and starting his newjob, which always showed in the biggest, most beautiful smile you've ever seen!!"Hughes called Edward Cortez Adams a vibrant member of the Emory Law community in his email."His death is a sad loss felt deeply by many of us, and I extend my condolences to all who are affected,"Hughes wrote.David Stovall, Edward Cortez Adams' Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity brother at the University of Mississippi,remembered Cortez Adams as a kind person who was always willing to help his friends."I want people to know that he was a brilliant person … and being around him pushed you to want to domore," Stovall said. "He had so much love in him."When Ann Sweezer met Edward Cortez Adams in high school, she said he was "down-to-Earth" with a"bubbly personality." She remembered him as always in the top of his class and an active participant of several academic groups in school."He always enjoyed making us laugh," Sweezer recalled.The funeral was held Oct. 1 at Holy Temple Baptist Church in Memphis, Tenn.The Student Bar Association scheduled a memorial service Oct. 4 at 4 p.m. in Hunter Atrium.Counseling and support services are available to the Emory community. Students may reach theCounseling and Psychological Services (CAPS) Center by calling 404.727.7450 or the Office of Religious Life at 404.727.6225. Faculty and staff may reach the Faculty Staff Assistance Program(FSAP) at 404.727.4328.