In an exciting weekend, the Emory women's soft ball team swept four teams at the William PeaceTriangle Classic in Cary, N.C. The Eagles won 2-1 against Messiah College (Pa.), 4-0 against North Carolina Wesleyan College, 8-1 against Piedmont College (Ga.) and 7-5 against Averett College (Va.)."I think this weekend was one of the first few moments where we felt like we were playing the Emorysoftball we know we can play," captain and senior second baseman Amy Wray said. "We fought hard and came out with four wins."The highlight of the week end came in the fourth and final game for the Eagles when the team was neck and neck with Averett for the entire game, each making big gains until the final inning when the Eaglespulled through with a tight victory.The Eagles previously played Averett twice this season, losing the first time 7-4 but prevailing the second 7-0.Head Coach Penny Siqueiros noted the strengths of her pitching squad this weekend."[Senior pitcher] Brittney File and sophomore pitcher Madeline Maday on the pitcher's mound had a fantastic weekend, with [freshman pitcher] Sami Feller who did really well [too]," Siquerios said.In the game, File and Ma day had six and four strikeouts, respectively.In addition to the superb pitching, Siquerios added: "[Sophomore shortstop] Cassie Baca did a phenomenal job this weekend and I'm really happy for her. She produced very consistent playthroughout the four games on defense and offense."Baca indeed had a notable weekend."Baca hit a home run during the Piedmont game," Wray said. "We scored five runs in that inning, so we almost ended up mercy-ing them thanks to Cassie."Wray said the start of the season was tough within such a large percentage of underclassmen on theteam."I think our team is unique because we are so underclassmen-heavy, but we have an awesome, reallytalented freshman class," Wray said. "We're utilizing this raw talent and these girls are going to somedaybecome leaders on the team."According to Maday, this weekend meant a lot for the Eagles, especially following some tough losses."As individuals, we're all so talented, so it was just a matter of putting that talent together to form a cohesive Emory softball team," Maday said. "With everyone being so passionate about what we'redoing, we all have the same goals in mind — a national championship — so we just are now making sure that our talent is all on the same page."Last season, the Eagles suffered a total of four losses; this year, the team is already at three.While Wray says this is a bit worrisome, Maday looked on the bright side."Those initial losses really inspired us, and made us feel the rest of the season should go up from thispoint," Maday said.The Eagles return home next week end to play Christopher Newport University (Va.) in four games overEmory's spring break, scheduled for March 4 at 1 and 3 pm. and March 5 at 12 and 2 p.m.