On Oct. 30 at 9:10 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at Hamilton Holmes Hall. Officers arrived on scene and met with two Emory students who said that someone had ransacked their room and stolen their cash. One student reported $528 in cash, a photoalbum, an old book bag, a cardboard jewelry box and a gold necklace valued at a total of $300 missing.The other student reported $378 in cash missing. EPD was unable to lift fingerprints from a photo album that the money had been hidden behind. The first student to return to her room and find the a readisrupted said that she left the room around 7:20 p.m. without locking the door and returned at 9:10 p.m.Campus Life was notified.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 2 at 5:46 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft on the first floor of the School ofMedicine. Officers arrived on scene and met with the complainant, a Kaldi's Coffee employee who said that he was visiting campus from the company headquarters to give a presentation. He reportedly placedhis bag, which contained a laptop, on a chair in room A170 and left for about 20 minutes. When he returned to pick up his bag, he discovered that the laptop was gone. After his realization, he used aniPhone app to lock the laptop, a silver Apple iMac valued at $1,500. The laptop belongs to the Kaldi'scompany and has a Kaldi's sticker on its outside. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 3 at 1:30 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at the Woodruff PhysicalEducation Center (WoodPEC). Officers arrived on the scene and met with an Emory student and aWoodPEC employee who led them to the stairwell immediately to the left of the building's Eagle Rowentrance. Someone had written in black marker, "Trump/Putin, Make Russia Great Again!" on the wall.The stairwell can only be accessed from inside the building and has no surveillance cameras. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 3 at 11:02 p.m., EPD responded to an anonymous call regarding an intoxicated individual near the Rich Building. Officers arrived on scene and met with an 18-year-old Emory student who appeared extremely intoxicated. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) personnel responded to the scene,but the student reportedly responded to their attempts to assist them in a combative manner. Whileattempting to identify the student, officers found a fake Illinois driver's license, which they confiscated.The officer determined that the student was to be too intoxicated to provide further information. Thestudent was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Nov. 4 at 12:44 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding possession of marijuana at the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) fraternity house, located at 17 Eagle Row. Officers arrived on scene and met with the house director, Cody Long, who said that he was conducting a nightly check of the house when he came across a large crowd of people in the third floor hallway. The crowd dispersed as they saw himapproach, leaving behind a red frisbee, a black grinder and a plastic bag filled with a green leafy substance that appeared to be marijuana. Officers confiscated the items. The house director could not identify the students present. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 4 at 11:59 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding possession of marijuana at the Alpha Tau Omega (ATO) fraternity house, located at 12 Eagle Row. Officers arrived on scene and met with the house director, Cody Long, who stated he was conducting nightly fraternity house checks when he saw a student on the second level balcony holding a black grinder and what appeared to be marijuana.Officers spoke with the student, who said he immediately confessed to the staff member that the items were his and for recreational use only. Officers confiscated the marijuana and paraphernalia and issued the student a citation for possession of less than an ounce of marijuana. He is scheduled to appear in court Jan. 4, 2018.