Provost and Executive Vice President of Academic Affairs Dwight McBride said he hopes to remedyLaney graduate students' concerns without unionization and discussed new administrative roles within the Provost's office in his first interview with the Wheel."I don't think unions, for graduate students and at universities in general, are a good thing," McBride said."I think that there are other ways of remedying concerns. If we have … adequate lines of communication,I don't think an outside third party that doesn't understand higher education is what I would want involved in making decisions about doctoral education."As graduate school dean and associate provost for graduate education at Northwestern University (Ill.),McBride dealt with graduate students who wanted to unionize and said that he plans to approach Emorystudents' push for unionization with an open ear. Northwestern's graduate students have not unionizedas of Sept. 26."I will certainly sit down here and want to hear from the students what their concerns are and want to make sure if there are ways that we can address those concerns," McBride said. His office is currently trying to set up a meeting with graduate school unionization advocates.McBride's appointment was announced May 3 in a University press release. McBride succeeds StuartZola, who was appointed interim provost when former Provost Claire E. Sterk became Universitypresident in September 2016.The Office of the Provost plans to make two new hires for the positions of vice provost for faculty affairs and vice provost for undergraduate education. The positions will be held by tenured faculty members atEmory. The search for the vice provost for undergraduate education has already begun, and McBride said he hopes to announce the selected candidate by January 2018. The search for a vice provost forfaculty affairs will begin after the finalists for the vice provost for undergraduate education have beenselected. The vice provosts will work half time in the Office of the Provost and continue to research andteach. The two new positions will replace the senior vice provost of academic affairs spot, which is currently occupied by J. Lynn Zimmerman.The provost also hopes to use his office to bolster the faculty hiring process to attract more people who are under represented in their field, such as minorities or women who study the sciences. McBride isconsidering "a kind of faculty diversity program that would have resources attached to it to really encourage cluster hires, for example, which are one mechanism that people use to bringunderrepresented minority faculty to an institution."To ensure faculty retention, McBride said he plans to institute direct outreach from his office tounderrepresented faculty members or groups who could feel marginalized. He hopes to "meet with them in small settings" and discuss their work and any challenges they may be facing "so that [Emory] can be responsive before [a faculty member receives] an outside offer and is being poached away."One of the roles of the provost is to oversee Emory's nine divisional schools. If he could accomplish onegoal in his tenure, McBride said he hopes to make Emory's various divisions more unified, "as opposed to being a loose federation of schools." That would include more cross-divisional programming or making it easier for students who are, for example, studying in the Goizueta Business School but want to minor in a subject in the College.In regard to national politics, McBride said he is proud that Emory is sticking to its core values bysupporting undocumented scholars as they pursue their studies. That includes the University's repeatedcommitments to helping its undocumented students following U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Sept.5 announcement that Trump's administration will "rescind" the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals(DACA) program, which provided a temporary immigration benefit to people who were brought to the United States illegally as minors."Whoever's in Washington or in office is irrelevant to me on [the DACA] issue," McBride said. "No one should dictate to a university who they will admit, who they will support."McBride added that Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos' recent announcements on the roll back ofObama-era Title IX guidelines will not impact the University's efforts in protecting its students from harm.The provost's job also includes developing University policy and academic priorities, managing the promotion and tenure process and chairing the Ways and Means Committee, according to the ProvostOffice's website.McBride earned his bachelor's degree in English and African American Studies from Princeton University (N.J.). He then went on to earn his master's and Ph.D. in English from the University ofCalifornia, Los Angeles.