On March 7 at 6:07 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Emory School of Medicine. An Emory student reported that she placed her book bag in a locker in the basement of the building March 2 at 10 a.m. When she returned at 4 p.m. later that day, she discovered a pill bottle containing approximately 84 Adderall pills missing from her bag. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 9 at 3:17 a.m., EPD officers patrolling the Michael C. Carlos Museum discovered a broken window in the Thomas W. Lyman Study Center on the ground level facing the Administration Building.Officers found broken glass around the exterior of the building. An officer entered the room through the broken window, but did not find any one inside or any objects that could have been used to break thewindow. The officer could not find any finger prints on the window. Facilities Management arrived on the scene and placed a wooden board over the broken window. Bernard Potts, manager of security and operations at the Carlos Museum, told EPD that the window was broken March 8. According to Potts, alizard was on the window, and two students had tapped the glass and broke the window in an attempt to capture it. The window was valued at $50.On March 10 at 1:35 p.m., EPD officers patrolling the Emory School of Medicine were stopped byAdmissions Manager Faith Levy, who reported recurring thefts of student lunches from the fridge on level two in the physiology section of the building. Levy said that staff members have started keepingextra lunches in the staff suite for students whose lunches are stolen.On March 11 at 6:03 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a stolen bike from the bike rack on AsburyCircle outside of Cox Hall. An Emory student reported that he locked his bike and secured the front tire to the bike rack March 7 or 8 around 9 p.m. When he returned to retrieve his bike March 11, it was gone.The front tire and bike lock were still attached to the rack, but the rest of the the bike was missing. Thebike is a red Fuji Absolute 2.1, valued at $515. The case has been assigned to an investigator.