For Visiting Assistant Professor Isabella Alexander , a normal day in Morocco consists of scavengingdump sites for food scraps and hiding film in the soles of her shoes. At night, she takes cat naps on theground, remaining alert to signs of a police raid.An American journalist fluent in Arabic, Alexander said that she is prone to experience those conditions as a foreigner filming the sub-Saharan migrants and refugees exposed to countless human rightsviolations. Alexander lived in the northern enclaves of Morocco for seven years and continues to return annually spending part of each year hidden from state-authorities and any sign of city life. Now she plans to expose that story to the world.Alexander received a Ph.D. in anthropology from Emory in 2016. She is currently working on a book called The Burning and is aiming to complete a feature-length documentary version called The Burning:An Untold Story from the Other Side of the Migrant Crisis by next summer. At Emory, Alexander offers"Anthropology Perspectives," a course on the current crises of un-documentation, immigration andrefugee displacement in Morocco.According to Alexander, the human rights crisis spans two systemic processes: individuals from war torn and poverty-ridden sub-Saharan countries seeking asylum in Europe, and African criminals detainedwithin Europe. She said that the migrant crisis is reminiscent of the Syrian refugee crisis as family members often break apart in hopes to reach a better life. Many turn to smuggling rings and agencies,which offer displaced peoples a stay in mountain communities called Brotherhoods and an attempt to climb over the Spanish border fence. Others apply for refugee status through governmentalorganizations, but the rejection rate is over 80 percent.As a female white American, Alexander said her positionality as an outsider helped establish trust withMoroccan smuggling rings."[My position] makes me more vulnerable in a lot of ways," Alexander said. "But I think my veryvulnerability is the reason why I have been able to gain access [to these people] because I don't present[myself] as a threatening force."Alexander said she understands the mentality of migrants after seeing Spain-sponsored Moroccanpolice brutally harass and kill young teen age boys on one of her trips."I don't think that death is the ultimate fear [for migrants and refugees],"Alexander said. "They talk about it so casually. I think the fear is of never getting out of the cycle."She said her familiarity with migrants and refugees shows that she's invested in their struggle."I listen to how [migrants and refugees] talk about other journalists," Alexander said. "They say the journalists come to steal our stories and they say that I am coming to tell their stories."Back in the class room at Emory, Alexander's students attempt to unpack her anecdotes about her work.One of her students, Caroline Cohen (20C), asks herself how this is happening, and how she didn't know about the crisis before taking that class. Furthermore, Cohen compared the situation in Morocco to that of ISIS in terms of their gravity, and said that the overload of news content is desensitizing.Alexander said she hopes that the human element of the migrant and refugee crisis that she exposes to her students in class will also show through in her documentary."I think the power of storytelling is that you can pull out individuals from the masses and people connect with those individual stories," Alexander said. "Once you have one person that you think of when you hear about a particular crisis, it becomes that much harder for you to turn away."Though Cohen says the information can sometimes be overwhelming to digest, the connection betweenAlexander's anecdotes and the crisis is difficult to ignore."The situation [in Morocco] is terrible," Cohen said. "It's brutal, everyone is poor, and [people] arediscriminated [against] because they are migrants."Ahead of the documentary's official release, Alexander has shown part of her film in limited screenings,such as at the 2016 AJC Decatur Book festival."I always have a handful of European and Moroccan students in the audience of the screenings, and the fact that they are shocked and completely unaware that this is unfolding in their very backyard, to me, it really illustrates how important this story is," Alexander said.After taking Alexander's class, Johnna Gadomski (20C) decided she would intern at a refugee center in Atlanta through American Pathways this summer."I had never thought of the right to migrate as such an essential part of human rights," Gadomski said. "[Alexander] definitely changed my perception of human rights, on how subjective it is — who gets human rights and why people are not necessarily afforded the rights that they deserve."Gadomski also said that she appreciates Alexander's commitment to integrate resources from Morocco,such as photos of refugee families and raw cuts from her documentary, into the class."She's done a really good job of … not reducing [the migrants and refugees] down to stories but maintaining their humanity," Gadomski said.Alexander said that she hopes the class and the documentary impact the public'sunderstanding of the migrant and refugee situation in Morocco while changing "concrete practices" at theSpanish-Morocco border."We draw a really stark line between these two categories [migrant and refugees] and I hope this filmencourages people to think about how they are often one in the same, and how the label that we assign to people is often based on racial or gender prejudices about them and their ability to assert vulnerabilityin crises," Alexander said. "Also, how those labels will shape the future that is available or denied tothem."