Toddler's Kidney Transplant Stalled Due to Dad's Latest ArrestA 2-year-old boy born without a kidney was denied an organ transplant after his surgery was cancelled because of his father's latest arrest, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution (AJC). AnthonyDickerson, the father, is a match to donate a kidney to his son and had planned to undergo the transplantprocedure Oct. 3. Emory University Hospital (EUH) said Sept. 28 that the surgery would have to be pushed back until Dickerson could provide evidence he has complied with the terms of his parole for 3months, according to the AJC. Jail records show that Dickerson was released on parole Oct. 2, and thechild's surgery has still not been rescheduled. Two on line petitions, one started by the child's motherCarmellia Burgess, to urge EUH to allow the surgery sooner have reached more than 41,000 and130,000 signatures as of Tuesday night. "Guidelines for organ transplantation are designed to maximize the chance of success for organ recipients and minimize risk for living donors," Director of Media Relations for Emory Healthcare Janet Christenbury wrote in a statement to the Wheel. "Transplantdecisions regarding donors are made based on many medical, social, and psychological factors.Because of privacy regulations and respect for patient confidentiality, we cannot share specific information about our patient's." Burgess did not respond to request for comment.Atlanta to Host 2018 MLS All-Star GameThe 2018 Major League Soccer (MLS) All-Star Game will be held at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium inAtlanta, MLS Commissioner Don Garber announced Oct. 23. The All-Star Game features a team composed of the top MLS players who compete against an international team, according to USA Today.The approximate date and international opponent will be announced at a later time, according to MLSSoccer. Atlanta United FC Manager Gerardo "Tata" Martino will lead the MLS All-Star team. Concerts,community service initiatives, player appearances and a showcase match featuring the best players from around the league are expected to precede the game, according to MLS Soccer.Department of Education Rescinds Disability Rights DocumentsThe U.S. Department of Education has rescinded 72 policy documents that outline the rights of students with disabilities for being "outdated, unnecessary or ineffective," according to an Oct. 2 document from the Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services. The rescinded documents detail students'rights under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act and the Rehabilitation Act. Chief Policy andAdvocacy Officer for the National Center for Learning Disabilities Lindsay E. Jones argued that the documents are useful in helping schools and parents understand how the law works in differentsituations, such as how schools can spend federal money set aside for special education. The decision may be a result of the Department of Education's attempts follow President Donald J. Trump's executiveorder signed February "to alleviate unnecessary regulatory burdens," according to The Washington Post.Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not commented on the decision.Woodruff Library Flasher ChargedMatthew Northcross, 37, was charged Oct. 18 with two counts of public indecency after he a llegedlyexposed himself in the Robert W. Woodruff Library. An Emory student reported Norcross' activities tolibrary security personnel. A security guard filed a third-party report with Emory Police Department(EPD) Aug. 7 and a judge signed a warrant for his arrest. Northcross is scheduled for a hearing Feb. 13,2018.Oxford College Withdraws Parking PlansOxford College ended plans to petition for on-street parking along Asbury Street. The original plan, which would have allowed parking along the right-of-way behind Allen Memorial United Methodist Church, was presented at the Oxford City Council's Oct. 2 meeting, according to The Covington News. OxfordCollege Associate Director of Programs Kendra Mayfield told The Covington News that "the idea ofrealigning the street created a lot of engineering issues that is just beyond the scope of what we can handle right now." Councilman David Eady called to revisit the issue of parking for both the church and Oxford College at a later date.Sigma Alpha Mu Violates Social FreezeSigma Alpha Mu (Sammy) held two parties during the "social freeze" period at the beginning of the semester and was placed on social probation pending approval of a risk management plan, according to Campus Life Senior Director of Communications Tomika DePriest. The chapter is no longer on socialrestriction, according to the Office of Student Conduct. Chapter President Cooper Linn (18C) did not respond to request for comment. Director of Communications at the fraternity's headquarters KelbyDolan did not respond to request for comment by press time.