Weapon Possession at ZBTEMORY — Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call from 8 Eagle Row, the Zeta Beta Tau(ZBT) fraternity house, regarding suspicious activity involving possession of a weapon in a school zoneby an unknown subject and criminal property damage Dec. 27 at 5:42 p.m. EPD informed Campus Lifeabout the incident; Campus Life offered to station a police vehicle outside the house until this weekend as a safety measure. The fraternity accepted this measure, according to Assistant Vice President forCommunity Suzanne Onorato. Campus Life is working with ZBT and EPD to implement further security measures for students but the office and fraternity cannot officially move forward until EPD closes theinvestigation, Onorato added. ZBT Vice President and College sophomore Ira Golub declined to comment on behalf of the fraternity's executive board. ZBT Housing Director Wendy Avila and Assistant Director of Sorority and Fraternity Residential Life Annie Herold both directed the Wheel to Onorato. The case is still active and has been assigned to an investigator.DACA Students Win Tuition CaseATLANTA — Fulton Superior Court Chief Judge Gail Tusan ruled in a Jan. 3 court decision thatundocumented students residing in Georgia with Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status, a limited immigration benefit, are now eligible to pay in-state tuition at Georgia public universities after 10students with DACA status sued Georgia's Board of Regents, according to the Atlanta-JournalConstitution."While DACA's future is uncertain in the upcoming administration, this is an important victory in the struggle for equal access to education in Georgia," Freedom University Georgia wrote in a Jan. 3Facebook post.Preferred Names AllowedEMORY — Emory launched the first phase of Emory's Preferred Name Student Policy, according to aJan. 6 campus-wide email. The new policy allows students to use their preferred name — which may not be the same as their given name — on most University documents and sites. For the first phase,students may enter a preferred first name into OPUS, the University's student-information system,which will appear on advising reports and the online directory. However, students cannot use their preferred names on records requiring an official legal name such as payroll and financial aid documents.State Approves Final Stages of Candler RenovationEMORY — The Georgia State Properties Commission approved the final stage of Candler Mansion'sredevelopment Dec. 15, 2016, and will begin renovation on the property mid-2017. The hotel will have 54rooms, and plans indicate it will retain some historic components.Univ. Renames ADSREMORY — Access, Disability Services and Resources (ADSR) has been renamed the Office ofAccessibility Services (OAS), according to a statement from Vice Provost and University Title IXCoordinator Lynell Cadray. The name change aligns with the University's new focus which shifted from"disability" to "accessibility," and "more accurately reflects Emory's overall commitment to diversity andinclusion," according to the statement.Price Senate Hearing ApproachesWashington, D.C. — After Senate Democrats voiced concerns about Emory alumnus and U.S. Rep.Tom Price's (R-Ga.) investments in health care firms while he was involved in legislation that could have affected their stocks, according to The Washington Post. Though the Democrats asked Republicans to delay Price's hearing to become secretary of Health and Human Services, the Republicans decided to proceed with the hearing, set for Jan. 24, the Post reported.