Following Emory's Student Programming Council (SPC)'s announcement that Atlanta-based hip-hop trioMigos will headline Dooley's Week 2017, the more than 30 students that The Emory Wheel interviewedexpressed widespread support for SPC's selection.Booking Migos was based in large part from survey results sent to all undergraduate and graduatestudents, according to SPC Vice President Aaron Levey (17B)."The overwhelming majority … of people who filled out the survey said that their preference for music was in rap and hip-hop," Levey said.Migos released its most popular song, "Bad and Boujee," October 2016. The song hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks in January and February 2017 following Donald Glover's endorsement of their hit in his Golden Globes acceptance speech.After their 2015 performance at Georgia Southern University, Migos was arrested by the Bulloch CountySheriff's Office for misdemeanor marijuana possession, possession of a schedule II controlledsubstance, carrying a weapon in a school safety zone and possession of a firearm or knife duringcommission of or attempt to commit certain felonies, according to The George Anne.Levey said SPC was aware of Migos' actions at Georgia Southern University during the artist selectionprocess, and Sgt. John Harper of the Emory Police Department (EPD) said that EPD is aware of theincident.Harper added that EPD would have "extra police officers that will be working the event" because the department expects a large student turnout for the popular trio.Of the more than 30 Emory students from all divisional schools with whom the Wheel spoke, one student said she had hoped for a "classic rock" performer instead of hip-hop. Twenty-three students voicedsatisfaction with Migos, and one expressed indifference."I'm ecstatic … because I personally really, really like [Migos] and I think that it's great that [SPC] gotthem, especially at their peak right now," Anisah Rashid (19OX) said.Ethan Alwaise (17C) and five other students said they had never heard of the hip-hop group until SPCreleased the announcement March 16 via a Facebook video."I'll probably wind up going," Alwaise said. "If my friends go, I'll go."The post garnered about 70,000 views, 792 likes and 720 shares as of March 21 at 8:46 p.m. Guestregistration closed 10 hours after it opened Monday because the event had reached capacity, accordingto SPC's Facebook page.Previous Dooley's Week headlines include The Chainsmokers and DJ Khaled in 2016, J. Cole in 2015and Chance the Rapper in 2014.Migos has close ties to Atlanta. The group originated from Lawrenceville, Ga., a suburb of Atlanta,according to XXL. Additionally, the trio guest-starred on an episode of the television show "Atlanta" lastyear."I think it's cool that they're local," Louisa Lee (19C) said.Despite the overwhelming support from students, not everyone plans to attend the concert. Rob LaTerza (20C) said he will not attend the concert."I'm just going to be in my room, listening to jazz," La Terza said. "That's how I'm going to spend theMigos concert night."Devin Bog contributed reporting.