During Emory's softball team's opening weekend, the Eagles took on Rhodes College (Tenn.) andAverett College (Va.). Despite losing 7-4 to Averett Saturday afternoon, the team managed two winsagainst Rhodes, winning 6-3 Saturday and sweeping them 2-0 Sunday. The Eagles avenged the loss against Averett Sunday, winning 7-0."We came together to a common mentality: this program wins. We decided we're going to prove to be apart of that tradition for Emory softball," said sophomore shortstop Cassie Baca. "We decided we would fight with our coach to make it all the way to Oklahoma."Despite the one loss, the Eagles otherwise began their season with true excellence. Throughout eachgame, the team maintained their best play by moving quickly and keeping a solid mental game."Our women ended up bouncing back resiliently after a tough loss [Saturday]" said Head Coach PennySiqueiros. "I'm really proud of how they carried themselves into today, where they had an outstandingperformance."Although the team was able to make adjustments after their Saturday loss, it was still a shock to the team to lose so early in the season."[While the team] made good adjustments from Saturday to Sunday, I don't think anybody is happystarting so soon with a loss," said captain and senior pitcher Brittany File. "It's not what we anticipated."In regards to making adjustments, sophomore catcher Lana Herrmann was responsible for multiple heads up defensive plays.In the top of the second, fourth and sixth innings, Herrmann quickly got the ball where it needed to go when Rhodes attempted a steal, resulting in an additional out during each inning.According to Siqueiros, freshmen utility player Jessy McLean and utility player Jessie Michaelrepresented the Eagles well this week end in their regular-season debut.In Saturday's Averett game, McLean went 2-4 with a double, home run and RBI. Michael also dominated the Eagles' batting for the weekend, with a double in Saturday's Rhodes game and an RBI in the Sunday Rhodes game."It was nice to see them immediately go out there and play as a part of our team," Baca said.In addition to these new players, File had an impactful day, according to Siqueiros the captain managed to maintain a no-hitter in Sunday's game against Averett. With the assistance of fellow pitcher TokoMiller, the Eagles' pitching provided them with a leg up against the competition."I saw this weekend how much potential we have as a team," File said. "This is one of the most talentedteams I've ever been on."The Eagles will travel to Berry College (Ga.) Feb. 18 to face the Vikings at 1 and 3 p.m.. The team will return home Feb. 19 to play against Wesleyan College (Ga.) at 12 and 2 p.m.