On Nov. 13 at 10:31 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft atCandler Library. An officer met with an Emory student who reported accidentally leaving her Fenderelectric guitar in the building after she had studied there. She left the building when it closed at 2 a.m., but when she returned later that day to retrieve the guitar, it was gone. The item was not in the lost andfound, and library security could not to locate it. The guitar was valued at $1,700. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 17 at 1:45 a.m., an officer patrolling Eagle Row observed a male student urinating on the sidewalk in front of 15 Eagle Row, the Delta Tau Delta (DTD) and Sigma Phi Epsilon (SigEp) house. Thesubject, later identified as a 22-year-old Emory student who is not a member of either fraternity, saw theofficer, pulled up his pants and began running to the back of the house. The officer chased the student on foot and told him to stop running. The subject complied and was issued a citation for defecating orurinating on public property. A court date was set for Jan. 5, 2018 at the Magistrate Court of DeKalbCounty. Campus Life was notified.On Nov. 18 at 10:25 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a fight on the ground floor basketball court at the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC). Officers arrived on scene to find the fight had already been broken up. They spoke with the involved parties, all visitors to the University, who stated the fight began during a game of pick up basketball when one player performed a "screen" that was viewed as aggressive by the recipient. A verbal dispute ensued and became physical. Other players in the same game broke up the fight, but another verbal fight began. A University employee then entered the gym, noticed the altercation and called police. The employee closed the gym for the next hour and asked all players to leave. They were given free vouchers to return at a later date. There were no reported injuries.On Nov. 19 at 12:06 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at ClairmontTower. Officers arrived on scene and met with the subject, a 19-year-old Emory student. A friend of the student told the officer that she went with the subject to a party on Eagle Row and then to an off-campusparty. The friend said the subject had consumed five alcoholic drinks and two shots between the twoparties. After returning to Clairmont Campus in an Uber, the subject needed assistance stepping out of the vehicle and walking to the building. The subject then reportedly lay down on the ground. The friend attempted to help the subject off the ground but could not get her up. DeKalb County Fire and Rescue and American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.