On Aug. 7 at 8:55 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a public indecency at the Robert W. WoodruffLibrary. An Emory employee reported that a female Emory student told her a male exposed his penis to her on the fourth floor Aug. 4 at 4 p.m. After reviewing video surveillance footage, EPD identified thesubject, a 36-year-old male, and obtained an arrest warrant which has not yet been served.On Aug. 14 at 3:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a burglary at 20 Eagle Row, the Kappa Sigma fraternity house. Officers spoke with the student house manager who said that prior to the end of last semester, the University gave returning members an option to store their belongings in a locked room on the lower level of the building during the summer. The room was last confirmed secured May 9.After returning Aug. 13, the student reported several items missing, including a 43-inch television,MacBook Air, Nintendo Wii, clothing and video games, totaling $1,460. On Aug. 23 at 4:30 p.m., threeother Emory students who stored their belongings at the Kappa Sigma house contacted EPD to report stolen items. One student reported a Zinus foam mattress, Ray-Ban sunglasses, gold chain andmarketing textbook stolen, totaling $725. Another student reported a container of whey protein and Robert Talbott shirts stolen, totaling $450. A third student reported stolen a MegaBoom Speaker, valuedat $300. All four cases have been assigned to an investigator.On Aug. 21 at 2:28 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual outside of RaoulHall. Officers arrived on the scene and met with several people assisting a 19-year-old female student.The other students reported the subject was having a difficult time getting from a vehicle to her room and officers noticed her slipping in and out of consciousness and vomiting repeatedly. The subject had returned from Maggie's Neighborhood Bar & Grill, where she reported ly had consumed four tequila shotsand one mixed drink. The other students said she vomited in the Uber ride back to campus. AmericanMedical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and transferred her to DeKalb Medical Center. CampusLife was notified.On Aug. 25 at 12:10 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual outside ofLongstreet-Means Hall. Officers arrived on the scene and met with the Residence Advisor (RA) on duty who had called EPD. The RA did not know how much the 19-year-old female student had consumed.The subject was vomiting and could not speak clearly or walk on her own. AMR arrived on the scene and transferred her to DeKalb Medical Center. Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 25 at 10:11 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft at the Clairmont StudentActivity & Academic Center (SAAC). The student had secured her bike using a cable lock at Aug. 24 at9:30 p.m. in front of the SAAC and realized it was missing at Aug. 25 at 8 a.m. The bike, a blue SE Draftsingle speed road bike, is valued at $192. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Aug. 26 at 2:35 a.m., an officer patrolling Eagle Row and Asbury Circle observed a male subjecturinating on some bushes. The officer made contact with the subject, a 20-year-old male student, as he was zipping his pants and walking away. The subject smelled of alcoholic beverages and admitted to drinking earlier in the evening as well as to urinating in the bushes. The student was issued a violation of DeKalb County Ordinance 16-51 and given a court date to appear at the DeKalb Magistrate Court.Campus Life was notified.On Aug. 26 at 8:01 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a burglary at the Clairmont Campus,Building C. Officers met with a resident who stated that at 6:45 a.m. he awoke to an unknown maleopening his bedroom door and turning on the light. Seeming to realize it was the wrong room, the person turned off the light and left. The student heard the apartment door open and close. He got up to check the hallway after a few minutes but saw no one. At 3:20 p.m., the resident called EPD again to report the lock on one of his roommates' bedroom door was broken. His roommate reportedly could not unlock his door with his key and had to call facilities management to unlock it. A third student living in the a partmentreported $20 missing from her wallet, which she said was on a table near her bedroom door. The complainant said the residents of the room found a bobby pin on the floor of the hallway, which they suspect may have been used to unlock the door. The main door had been locked before everyone went to sleep, the complainant added. The case has been assigned to an investigator.