The Emory women's soccer team swept the competition in another round of wins this week againstSewanee: The University of the South (Tenn.) and Agnes Scott College (Ga.). The Eagles achieved their second 5-0 shut out this season over the Sewanee Tigers Sept. 20. They continued to dominate thatweekend, defeating the Agnes Scott Scotties with a score of 7-0.Sophomore forward Caroline Kolski immediately established Emory's control over the game as the Eagles took to Puett Field in Sewanee, Tenn. Kolski struck seven minutes into the first half with a far corner goal shot off a through ball from junior forward Abbe McCarter. Just before the end of the first half,Kolski netted yet another goal, heading the ball from three yards out off a corner kick from McCarter."I knew as soon as the opportunity came when [McCarter] sent me that through ball that I had it, that I had to finish what I was given," Kolski said.The Eagles' success lies in "the mentality that every game counts," Kolski said. "Winning big does a lot for our regional rankings, so every goal and every opportunity we have to put away … and I think wecapitalized on all of our finishes."The Tigers fared no better in the second half, as the Eagles accrued three more goals from freshmanforward Anne Otterbein, freshman midfielder Samantha Hilsee and junior defender Hope Morgan. The game resulted in Emory's second 5-0 victory of the season (the first was against Birmingham SouthernUniversity (Ala.)).The Eagles returned home to battle with the Scotties Sept. 23."I thought we had a really slow start, and that was frustrating, but we got significantly better as the game went on," Head Coach Sue Patberg said.Almost eight minutes into the game, Kolski had the first shot on goal, setting up a series of 34 Emoryshots throughout the match.As the game progressed, the ball stayed mostly in the Scotties' half. The Eagles' seven goals came fromMcCarter, Hilsee, Kolski, freshman midfielder Yasmin Toy, junior midfielder Madison Phaneuf andOtterbein, who scored a brace."We had a lot of … different players scoring," Patberg said. "I always love that."As important as the prolific scoring were Emory's defense and junior goalkeeper Dani Staffin. The unit has not allowed a goal in three consecutive games."[The Agnes Scott team] is one of the more disciplined teams I've ever seen them have — more athletic teams that I've ever seen them have — so it's always great to play against a team that's going to give you a fight, and I thought that they did," Patberg said. "We just have to be really diligent and disciplined in our style of play and making every pass count and defending every turn over quickly."This marked the third consecutive win for the Eagles, bringing Emory's ledger to 6-2-0. This puts theEagles on solid ground heading into their University Athletic Association (UAA) opener against reigningnational champion, Washington University in St. Louis (Mo.), Sept. 30 at 1:30 p.m.