Dooley Dollars, to some an excellent way to balance out the dreariness of D.U.C. meals, but to others an accursed tool that if used inappropriately becomes the gateway to an uncontrollable Kaldi's addiction.Like all things in life, Dooleys need to be used in moderation to extract maximum value. Through these basic guidelines, hopefully you can lead a path of fiscal responsibility.Commandment 1: Schedule your trips to Cox Hall"Preferably four times a month, hopefully once a week" are words College freshman, BenjaminHammond tries to live by. As freshmen have a particularly scarce source of Dooley Dollars, imposing awell-regulated schedule can provide you with the optimal number of trips to Cox Hall. After all, it is the scarcity of visits of Cox Hall that makes it so valuable. Juxtaposing your week of monotonous D.U.C.food with a hot meal, be it sushi at Maru or a thali bowl at Bhojanic, can seriously invigorate you for the coming week or reward you for your hard work.If you are currently addicted to Cox (never say this in public), there are various ways to fill this void withstrict Dooley Dollar regulation. Start by changing up what you eat at the D.U.C. Normally stock up onfries and pizza? Try mashed potatoes and a sandwich for once. Naturally, this food swapping is limited in scope but will all be worth it when you can still enjoy a Twisted Taco during finals week.Note that freshmen have approximately $9.30 to spend every week on their Dooley Dollar program. Onaverage, a meal at Cox costs anywhere between $7 and $10. Unless you are as disciplined as a monk,you will probably have other random expenditures within the week. So keep in mind that "once a week" isa maximum. If you can avoid Cox Hall altogether, you will have a lot more autonomy with your late nightDepot expenditure.Commandment 2: If all you seek from coffee is caffeine, limit your visits to StarbucksIt is 8:10 a.m. and you're running to calculus. Maybe you spent all of last night studying for a quiz, or perhaps you were out on Eagle Row. Regardless, you are exhausted to the point that anything and everything on which you lay your head can conceivably be a suitable place of rest. You need caffeine,and you need it fast. "Okay, time to get a trente organic GMO-free Vanilla Chai Superfood Detox Latte atStarbucks," you process, unaware of an infinitely superior alternative — .D.U.C. coffee.Does it taste like dishwashing liquid? Yes. Is it free with unlimited meal swipes? Absolutely! Althoughnearly impossible to drink when not do used in sugar (and perhaps ice) D.U.C coffee becomes an instantrevitalizer that is far easier on the Dooley wallet than a Starbucks drink. The former may not be as tasty,but from a purely economic lens, it is the most elegant way to cut back on Dooley Dollar expenditure.Commandment 3: Save up early on in the semester.As the semester progresses, optimism dies and appetites grow. While you might see yourself living a relatively healthy lifestyle early in the semester, as your workload grows and your hair falls out, you will see yourself gluttonously gorging on a breakfast flatbread at Kaldi's more often than you are willing toadmit. While your senses are still intact, avoid eating at Kaldi's as much as possible (perhaps replace these meals with free food from various club meetings until time kills their optimism, too).Conclusion:Dooley Dollars are a difficult demon to control. However, if you can impose even the slightest amount of austerity on to your spending habits and plan for the occasional stress-induced meal, then you will surely have a gastronomically satisfying semester.