With only one match remaining before the UAA Championships in Orlando, Fla., April has seen theEmory's men's tennis team a six-match winning streak. After a tough 6-3 loss to Middlebury College(Va.) March 31, the Eagles have tore through their April opponents, recently winning on the road 9-0against Sewanee College (Tenn.) April 11, 5-2 against Georgetown University (D.C.) April 13, 6-3 against Johns Hopkins University (Md.) April 14 and then 5-0 at home over Washington & Lee University (Va.)April 18.Senior captain Josh Goodman attributed part of the team's success to its close dynamic."We have 14 guys and everyone is behind the game plan," Goodman said. "[Head Coach JohnBrowning] gives us the opportunity as captains to get the guys going with a lot of energy to be ready toplay."Senior captain A man Manji noted the fantastic play of four of his teammates: Goodman, sophomoresAdrien Bouchet and Jonathan Jemison and junior Alec Josepher.In the Hopkins game, No. 3 singles player Bouchet defeated Austin Gu 6-2, 6-1, and No. 6 Goodmantopped Aaron Carey 6-2, 6-4.Manji, the Eagles' No. 1 singles player, made successful appearances at both the Hopkins match, where he defeated Jeremy Dublin, 7-5, 4-6, 1-0 (10-3), and the Georgetown match, where he won 6-7, 6-3, 6-3.The Eagles' home match April 18 was cut short due to stormy weather conditions, but not before Manjiand Jemison claimed victories in No. 1 and No. 2 singles, respectively.Manji commended his teammates for consistently bringing their all to the court. If Manji had it his way,everyone would reach the playing level of those four stars by the end of the year.As the team looks to the end of the season, Browning wants his team to focus on the mental aspects of the game."It's not always the most talented teams that win the NCAA, but it's the most mentally resilient one that can withstand ups and downs," Browning said. "It's about being mentally present and maintaining focusin pressure-filled situations."Becoming a more cohesive team has also been a clear goal for the Eagle's captains."I want to make sure everyone has a good time and for everyone to come away with no regrets," Manjisaid. "I want everyone to know that we gave it our all and had fun in the process."On April 19, the Eagles will compete in their last match of the regular season, away against GeorgiaGwinnett College (Ga.).