On Feb. 14 at 5:40 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft from a car parked in the Lower gate Visitor Parking Deck. The car owner was visiting Emory and said that she parked her 2008 silver Lexus at 9:55 a.m. that day. When she returned around 5 p.m., she found her reardriver's side window broken and two coffee machines missing from her car. The machines, a genericelectric drip machine and a french press, are valued at $50 total. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 14 at 5:21 p.m. EPD responded to a call regarding a missing bike from 12 Eagle Row, the Alpha Tau Omega (ATO) fraternity house. An Emory student reported his grey Trek 8.5 Hybrid bike, valued at$1,100, missing. He last saw the bike May 10, 2016, when he placed it in a basement storage room of the ATO house. Between May 2016 and December 2016, he traveled internationally and went home toPennsylvania. House residents cleaned the basement October 2016 because the clutter was considered a fire hazard. He returned to Emory's campus mid-January 2017 and could not find his bike. The student believes that the residents left the bike behind the house in a fenced-in area after they cleaned thebasement. The case has been assigned to an investigator. Campus Life was notified.On Feb. 14 at 5:41 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding hazardous materials at the Emory WoodruffMemorial Research Building. Officers found two sinks overflowing with water and an unknown irritant.Facilities Management and Environmental Health and Safety Office (EHSO) also responded to thescene. Facilities Management told officers that a liquid containing ammonia spilled on the first floor, but a Merry X-Ray (MXR) representative on the scene determined that the spill was a mixture of X-raydeveloper and X-ray fixer, flushed by health care workers on the seventh floor of the building. The MXRrepresentative told officers that, when combined, the products create the smell of ammonia, but are safe to flush with water. Nicole Campbell, EHSO professional III in charge of general safety and industrialhygiene, reported elevated pH levels in the water but declared the scene safe to clean. FacilitiesManagement sectioned off the area to clean and asked a contract or to clean the pipes of the affectedsinks. A keyholder to one of the nearby labs was notified.On Feb. 16 at 2:04 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft at the Goizueta BusinessSchool. An Emory student reported that his rented black and blue Fuji bike, valued at $410, was stolenFeb. 15 between noon and 2 p.m. The student left the bike at a bike rack outside of Goizueta's HighlandBakery but had not locked it. He called Bicycle South, the company that owns the bike, and ManagerBrian Dunne told him to file a report with EPD. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 18 at 12:16 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a noise complaint at Clairmont Campus onBuilding B's third floor. Officers met with a resident of the apartment. They heard loud music and observed a large party at the location. Officers asked the resident to lower the music volume, and the student complied immediately. Campus Life was notified.