University President Claire E. Sterk announced Dwight McBride as the next University provost and executive vice president of academic affairs and Christopher Augostini as executive vice president for business and administration in a May 3 University press release.McBride served as the dean of the graduate school and associate provost for graduate education at Northwestern University (Ill.) since 2010 and will assume his position at Emory July 1.Augostini previously served as senior vice president and chief operating officer at Georgetown University(D.C.).Beginning July 1, Augostini's responsibilities at Emory will include "strategic financial planning andstewardship of Emory's resources to support the academic and operational missions for the university,"according to the press release.McBride chaired Northwestern's African-American Studies department from 2007-2010 and served as the Daniel Hale Williams Professor of African-American Studies, English and Performance Studiesconcurrently with his dean position. He is an award-winning author of both scholarly work and fiction that examine the connection between identity politics and race.Prior to his tenure at Northwestern, McBride served as the dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Illinois and as faculty at the University of Pittsburgh. He received an undergraduate degree in English and African-American Studies from Princeton University (N.J.) and amaster's and Ph.D. in English from the University of California, Los Angeles."I'm thrilled and deeply humbled to be selected as Emory University's next provost," McBride said in the press release. "I've long been impressed with Emory and its reputation for research, clinical and teachingexcellence. And throughout this search process with each successive visit to Atlanta and to campus, Ifell a bit more in love with the institution and the incredible aspirations its constituents have for its future."Augostini graduated from the State University of New York at Albany, earning both bachelor's andmaster's degrees in public affairs and policy."I am honored and humbled to have the opportunity to join such a strong leadership team," Augostini said to Emory News Center. "It is exciting to be joining Emory University at this moment in its history. I look forward to the opportunity to immerse myself in the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead forEmory."