The heavy smell of smoky barbecue hung in the hot spring air as I approached Pig-N-Chik. The aroma,which became stronger as I entered the restaurant, provided me with a mouth-watering preview of the meal to come.I ordered a small pulled-pork plate with two sides: broccoli and corn. The food arrived in record time, after no more than 10 minutes. Each plate is served with a dense, fluffy piece of bread. Much to my chagrin,the corn was extremely buttery and over-spiced. I moved on to the broccoli next, and once again, was met with disappointment. The broccoli was soggy, completely drenched in grease and oil.I was on the verge of declaring this trip a negative eating experience just before I tried the pork. The meat was tender and juicy; the home made sauce accentuated the smoky flavors of the pork and added asweet, tangy taste. The blend of sweetness and acidity paired with the melt-in-your-mouth texture of the meat made for a delectable meal. The bread wasn't toasted or buttered, but was fluffy and thick enough to act as the perfect sponge for the remainder of my barbecue sauce.Due to my disappointment in the two sides I ordered, I took a few of my friend's french fries and was met with perfectly salted, crispy, hot fried potatoes. The french fries were some of the best I have ever had,and I have had many a french fry in my lifetime. The addition of the fries to my hefty helping of meat redeemed the poorly-done vegetable sides.For a Friday night, the restaurant was surprisingly empty, with only four parties besides my own. I sat at the window overlooking Clifton Road, where a blue-and-white-checkered cloth was draped over the table.Before me was a roll of paper towels, salt, pepper and Pig-N-Chik's homemade barbecue sauce.The quaint barbecue hub sits at the busy intersection of Briarcliff and Clifton Roads and boasts a zanyatmosphere in addition to the mouth-watering smell. The restaurant catches the attention of your averagepasserby with a colorful mural depicting a pig and rooster toasting with twin cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon.The inside of Pig-N-Chik boasts the same quirky atmosphere. Small blue and yellow lights hang on wires strung across the ceiling, and framed posters of different alcoholic beverages, football teams and black and white photographs cover the warm burgundy walls.Overall, I walked away from the meal satisfied despite ordering a small pulled pork plate, as opposed to a medium or large. The meal was more than enough, even without the full two sides, and cost only $8.74plus tax. Pig-N-Chik may not be a place for vegetarians or healthier eaters, but the restaurant doesbarbecue, and does it extremely well. If you are in the mood for some meat, fries and slaw, Pig-N-Chik is the place to go.4 Stars/5 star s