On March 13 at 8:21 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft from the second floor of Thomas Hall. An Emory student reported her purse, which contained her Emory ID,cash, room key and cell phone, missing. She said she left the purse on her desk in her room and went to sleep around 2:40 p.m. When she woke up around 7 p.m. the purse was gone. She said that her room was unlocked while she slept. No other items were disturbed. The missing items are valued at $440total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 17 at 4:48 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a tote bag containing two small plastic gascontainers under a parked car on level four of the Peavine Parking Deck. The vehicle's owner told officers that she had placed the containers under the car for storage because their smell was too overwhelming to be stored inside the vehicle. The vehicle's owner placed the containers back in her car.On March 17 at 11:20 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding the theft of two golf carts from the first level of Peavine Parking Deck. Officers arrived at the scene and made contact with two standard parkingambassadors, who reported that seven males were racing two golf carts on the first level. The subjects took the golf carts from the first level, where they are parked and charged. The ambassador said the individuals returned the golf carts, and fled the scene when he walked toward them. Upon examination,the EPD officer found black scissors sticking out of the ignition keyholes. It appeared that the subjects used the scissors to start the golf carts, but there was no apparent damage to the carts. Officerssearched the surrounding area for the subjects but could not find them. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 18 at 10:23 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bicycle theft at Hamilton Holmes Hall.An Emory student reported his black Kink Launch bike missing. He left the bike outside his room March16 at 2 a.m.. When he woke up at 11:05 a.m., the bike was gone. The bike is valued at $309. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 19 at 2:09 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated student in the third floorwomen's restroom of Harris Hall. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb County American Medical Response also arrived on the scene. Officers met with a Resident Adviser (RA)attempting to help the student, who was lying in the shower area. The 19-year-old student had slurredspeech, glassy eyes and was unable to stand on her own. She was transported to Emory UniversityHospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.