On Sept. 5 at 11:54 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft on the third floor of Cox Hall. Officers met with the human resources manager of Bon Appetit, Emory's cateringcompany, who reported a Canon camera stolen from room 330K Aug. 21. She was unable to provide any details about the camera but said that it was kept in a desk drawer in the room and that it was last seen Aug. 21 at 5:30 p.m. Officers reviewed video footage of the area, which showed an individual entering the office Aug. 21 in the late afternoon. They showed the footage to some Cox workers, none of whom recognized the subject. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 5 at 10:33 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft of services at the Peavine ParkingDeck on the surface level. Officers met with a parking ambassador who stated that they had just observed the driver of a 2010 Hyundai Elantra exit the lot without paying for parking. The Hyundai pulled up behind another vehicle, whose driver swiped their card, and then both vehicles sped out of the lot. Theincident lost $12 in parking revenue. The parking ambassador recorded the Hyundai's tag number, whichEPD found belonged to someone unaffiliated with Emory. The parking ambassador said that this issue has been going on for the past three weeks. Later that night, EPD responded to a second call of theft of services at the same lot. Officers spoke to the parking ambassador who said that at 11:40 p.m.,someone in a dark Chevrolet Camaro assisted four other drivers in exiting the lot without paying. Thedriver of the Camaro swiped their card, after which four other cars sped out of the gated lot. The lot lost$48 in parking fees. The cases will be assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 6 at 10:28 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from Lowergate South Parking Deck.Officers spoke to an Emory student who reported putting a new registration decal on the plate of his 2013Suzuki motorcycle Sept. 5 before riding it to campus and parking it in Lower gate South. He went to class and returned to find the plate missing. The student was parked on campus from 7:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.Sept. 5. The license plate is valued at $20. The case will be assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 7 at 5:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the School of Medicine. Officersspoke with an Emory student who reported her silver MacBook Air stolen from the school's lobbybetween 12:30 p.m. and 2:45 p.m. Sept. 7. She said that she accidentally left the laptop charging in the lobby and returned to find it missing. The laptop is valued at $900. The case will be assigned to aninvestigator.On Sept. 7 at 9:46 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at Asbury Circle. Officers met with an Emory student who reported that his back pack was stolen from Asbury Circle, where he had set it downearlier. He said that he left orchestra rehearsal at the Schwartz Center for Performing Arts at 9 p.m.,walked to Cox Hall and arrived there at 9:10 p.m. He put down his back pack before getting in line at a food truck and stood there until 9:30 p.m. When he returned to where he had set his back pack down, itwas gone. The bag, a So soon backpack, reportedly contained a MacBook Pro, a sociology textbook, ahealth textbook and a notebook. The student emailed a second report into EPD later that evening, stating that the laptop was actually in his room and had not been stolen. The stolen items — the back pack and books inside of it — are valued at $190 total. The case will be assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 8 at 3 a.m., EPD responded to a call from a SafeRide shuttle driver regarding an intoxicated individual who was lying in the middle of the road near the intersection of Clifton Road and FishburneDrive, and the possession and use of a false ID. Officers responded to the scene and found theindividual, a 19-year-old Emory student, on her feet but still unsteady, with glassy eyes and smelling ofalcohol. Officers asked the subject basic questions, including who the current president was, to which she responded "Coors Light." Officers asked for her ID and she presented a fraudulent Florida driver'slicense, which they confiscated. The student's friend told officers that she had consumed two glasses of wine and an unknown number of tequila and vodka shots that evening at Maggie's Neighborhood Bar &Grill and a bar in Buckhead. American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and providedtreatment. The student refused to go to the hospital and was medically cleared by AMR. Officerstransported the two students to Woodruff Residential Center and left the subject with another friend, who said she would watch her throughout the night. Campus Life was notified.