Thou sands of Flights Cancelled Due to I rmaATLANTA — Thousands of flights scheduled to leave the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airportwere cancelled as a result of tropical storm Irma, according to The Washington Post. Delta said Monday it had already canceled 900 flights, and Southwest Airlines cancelled all flights scheduled to leave Atlantaafter 1 p.m. Monday, according to the official Twitter account for the airport. Irma brought wind speeds that surpassed the operating limits for some aircrafts, according to the Post. While Hartsfield-Jacksonremained officially open during the storm, officials encouraged passengers to check regularly for flightcancellations. Wind gusts reached 64 mph at Hartsfield-Jackson, according to National Weather ServiceAtlanta's Monday tweet.Emory's Atlanta Annexation DelayedEMORY — A vote on Emory's petition to annex into the city of Atlanta was delayed Sept. 5, after DeKalbCounty officials raised concerns including increased traffic. A panel of arbitrators will evaluate DeKalbCounty's objections and make a decision by Oct. 17, according to the Atlanta-Journal Constitution(AJC). If approved, the annexation would add 744 acres to the city of Atlanta, including the University,the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, according to theAJC.Emory Opens New Test Center on ClairmontEMORY — The Clairmont Campus recently opened a new testing center for students who need accommodations on the third floor of the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC), according to aSept. 6 University press release. The new testing center provides larger spaces for students who need to use wheel chairs or walkers and a private space for students who need extra time or additionaltechnology to take their exams, according to the release. Lynell Cadray, vice provost for the Office of Equity and Inclusion, said in the release the testing space is "all about leveling the playing field for students with disabilities." The testing center has 85 seats, but students who cannot access theClairmont Campus may still take their exams in the Schwartz Center for Performing Arts.Alumna Nominated to U.S. Court of AppealsEMORY – President Donald J. Trump nominated Judge Elizabeth Branch (94L) to serve as a Circuit Judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, according to a Sept. 7 White House pressrelease. During her time at Emory School of Law, Branch was inducted into the Order of the Coif, served as the notes and comments editor for the "Emory Law Journal" and graduated with distinction. Branchserved as a federal law clerk to U.S. District Judge J. Owen Forrester for two years before moving onto private practice at Smith, Gambrell & Russell (SGR), LLP. From 2004 to 2008, Branch served in a seniorrole in the George W. Bush administration before returning to SGR as a commercial litigation partner. In2012, Branch became a judge for the Court of Appeals of Georgia and is currently serving on the EmoryBoard of Visitors through 2018.Voting in Fall Elections DelayedEMORY — Voting in fall student government elections opened Sept. 12 at 8 p.m., one day later than the originally scheduled date, due to Orgsync problems, according to Election Board Chair Betty Zhang(20C). Voting is now scheduled to close Sept. 14 at 8 p.m., Zhang said.Sukhatme Named School of Medicine DeanEMORY — Vikas P. Sukhatme was appointed the new School of Medicine dean, according to a Sept. 12University press release. On Nov. 1, Sukhatme will replace Interim Dean David Stephens and serve asWoodruff professor and chief academic officer of Emory Healthcare. Sukhatme completed his bachelor'sdegree and doctorate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and received an M.D. from Harvard Medical School (Mass.). He is currently chief academic officer and Harvard faculty dean for academicprograms at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, as well as the Victor J. Aresty professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. Sukhatme and his wife founded the nonprofit GlobalCures, whichconducts trials for less profitable cancer therapies.