The day we finished our first semester of college in 2015, my friends and I drove to the Atlanta-basedWagaya Japanese Restaurant in Midtown. The savory broth and chewy noodles really hit the spot, so we made it a tradition to go after final s every semester.Since then, I've sampled many ramen spots in and around Atlanta, and Wagaya has remained one of myfavorites. Its Red Spicy Tonkotsu ramen, a ramen flavored with spicy pork broth and comes with spicyred sauce, is my go-to. Now, the restaurant has opened in Emory Village.As I've had the Red Spicy Tonkotsu a number of times, I decided to change it up and order the BlackSesame Tonkotsu ramen. Tonkotsu usually means breaded, deep-fried pork cutlet, but when it comes toramen, most restaurants serve braised pork instead, with the soup base flavored like tonkotsu.While I had a good experience, the ra men in itself was not as high of a caliber in the Village as it was at the Midtown location. Even though a noodle's texture can add to the taste of ramen, the broth's flavor is what makes or breaks the meal. In the Village, the ramen broth was only decent, with a light, nearlydiluted pork flavor. Nothing in particular about the dish as a whole spoke to me, and the noodle texturewas almost sub-par.After dinner we got the Match a Box, a delicious dessert item featuring green tea ice cream with redbeans, strawberries and mochi. The red beans and mochi complemented the match a (ground green tea)flavor nicely. But for $6, there could have been a little more substance. Even so, it was an excellent dessert that could be shared among friends, perfect for a hot summer night.However, I don't know many people that go into a ramen shop just to eat dessert; it's the ramen thatcounts.In Eastern Asian cultures, sharing food is customary and strengthens the bond between family orfriends. The a mbience in the Village was similar to that of the Midtown location — red lanterns andoriental paintings were everywhere, giving off a simultaneously authentic and familial atmosphere.I'll inevitably be back to eat at Wagaya again, since ramen has always had quite the reputation on collegecampuses. However, given the lower quality, customers may be better off going to the Midtown location.3.5/5 star s