Downgraded to a tropical storm, Irma hit Georgia early Monday, causing intermittent power outages,flooding and downed trees on and around Emory's Atlanta and Oxford campuses. Irma was downgradedto a tropical depression Monday night, but will still continue to flood parts of the Georgia and South Carolina coast, according to The Weather Channel.The University will be closed Tuesday due to severe weather conditions from Hurricane Irma, according to a Monday University-wide email.At least two people have died in Georgia from Irma, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.Intermittent power outages, some dysfunctional stoplights, debris and fallen trees on roads on and near campus have been reported to Emory Police Department, according to Sgt. John Harper. Several trees on the Oxford College quad and along the train tracks near Druid Hills High School also fell, according toEPD's Twitter."Winds are gusting over 50 mph county-wide. Please, shelter in place. … It is not safe to drive," DeKalbCounty Emergency Management Agency tweeted Monday evening. A wind gust reached 59 mph at a site near Emory, according to the AJC.Clairmont campus experienced intermittent power out ages Monday./Julia Munslow, Editor-in-ChiefPower has been flickering on and off intermittently Monday at Clairmont campus, the Atlanta campusand Emory Point. Power at Highland Square was out for at least two hours Monday.Nearly a quarter of De Kalb County had lost power from Irma's heavy winds and rain as of 3 p.m. onMonday, DeKalb County schools spokesperson Quinn Hudson told the AJC. More damage is expected due to sustained winds of 35-45 mph later Monday and over night into Tuesday, according to DeKalbCounty's Twitter account.As of 5 p.m. Monday, more than 748,000 Georgia Power customers are without power, according to Georgia Power's Twitter. Its crews will assess damage and conduct repairs to power lines once the storm passes. Restoration could take several days or weeks depending on the damage, according to Georgia Power.Roads across Georgia, including some in Atlanta, DeKalb County and Sandy Springs, have been closed from fallen trees, the AJC reported.Sections of Buford Road., N. Druid Woods Court, N. Druid Hills Road and Briarcliff Road are currentlyclosed in DeKalb County due to downed trees as of Monday at 5:30 p.m., according to DeKalb County Government Communications. Near campus, a tree on Burlington Road fell early Monday, shutting down the street until it was cleared around 11:26 a.m., according to EPD. Trees toppled power lines at the intersection of Scott Blvd. and Clairemont Road, according to a tweet from Fox 5 Atlanta's Claire Simms.The first Irma-related death in Georgia occurred in Worth County near Albany, Ga., where a man was killed Monday after heavy winds swept him off his roof, the AJC reported. In another incident, a 55-yearold man died after a tree fell on his house in Sandy Springs, Ga., according to Fox 5.Emory's shuttle service is scheduled to stop at 8 p.m. Monday, according to a Rider announcement.There will be reduced service Tuesday, with only C, D and M routes running.On Tuesday, the DUC-ling will have normal operating hours from 7:30 a.m. to 10 p.m., Clairmont Cafewill open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., Ray's Pizza at Woodruff Residential will open noon to 6 p.m., the Depot byKaldi's will open 7 a.m. to 2 a.m. and Highland Bakery at Goizueta Business School will open 9 a.m. to 3p.m, according to an email from Campus Life Monday night.Atlanta Public Schools will remain closed tomorrow, according to its Twitter. Atlanta's government offices and municipal court will also be closed tomorrow, according to a Monday press release from the mayor'soffice of communications. Street car service has been suspended until Wednesday, the release said.University President Claire E. Sterk tweeted Monday, "Contending with #Irma on 9/11 reminds me of the importance of being there for others, caring for those in need, and staying humble."On Sunday, Gov. Nathan Deal issued a state of emergency for all counties in Georgia. President DonaldJ. Trump declared a state of emergency in Georgia and ordered federal assistance to response effortsfor Irma, according to a White House press release Friday.Early Sunday, the National Weather Service issued a tropical storm warning for De Kalb County earlySunday for 36 hours until Tuesday. Destructive wind, flash flooding and tornadoes could affect the area,according to the National Weather Service."There is no need to evacuate Emory campuses; the community will follow the procedures to shelter in place should we need to do so," the University said in a press release and University-wide email earlySunday. "The university's emergency notification system will be used to send out urgent actionableinformation."Emory's Office of Critical Event Preparedness and Response (CEPAR) urged people to download theLiveSafe App, which offers alerts from University safety officials and access to emergency procedures,in an all-Emory email Thursday.UPDATE (9/11/17 at 8:33 p.m.): The article was updated to reflect an email from Campus Life.UPDATE (9/11/17 at 11:36 p.m.): The article was updated to reflect that Irma was downgraded to a tropical depression.