On March 21 at 10:15 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding harassingcommunications at Longstreet-Means Hall. An Emory student's father called EPD to report that his son had been threatened during a Snapchat conversation with a female student. The conversation became heated and the two students started exchanging insults. Another male entered the Snapchatconversation and threatened to "pay him a visit" if he did not stop insulting the female student. This malelater sent pictures of a firearm and himself defecating in a toilet. Campus Life was notified.On March 22 at 3:07 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Peavine 1 Parking Deck onlevel two. Officers arrived on the scene and spoke with a parking lot attendant who reported two parkingboots stolen March 21 between 11:44 a.m. and 6 p.m. from a parked beige Honda. The vehicle was originally booted by parking services because it was unregistered and the owner could not be identified.Neither the vehicle nor the boots could be located. The boots were valued at $100 and $600,respectively. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 23 at 9:12 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a fire at Mizell Bridge. Upon arrival,officers observed a fire caused by a tree log and some twigs under the bridge in the Baker Woodlands.Two officers used extinguishers from their vehicles to extinguish the fire. DeKalb County Fire RescueDepartment arrived on the scene, deemed the area safe and sprayed water around the location. The cause of the fire is unknown and there was no apparent damage.On March 23 at 9:09 p.m., EPD responded a call from a Campus Life coordinator reporting a narcoticsviolation on the third floor of Few Hall. Officers met with the coordinator, who reported smelling marijuanaoutside of a student's room after seeing some one blow smoke out of the third-story window. When the coordinator entered the room, he observed a glass pipe and marijuana sitting on the window sill and called EPD. Officers at the scene spoke with the room's occupant, who granted them entry into theroom. Officers saw two small plastic baggies of a leafy substance, a multi-colored glass pipe that smelled of burnt marijuana and a grinder on the desk. The student said some of these things belonged to him and some belonged to a student on another floor. The student in the room received a citation from DeKalb County for less than one ounce of marijuana. The items were confiscated and placed into evidence at the EPD station. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 25 at 4:09 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bicycle stolen from the Anthropologybuilding. An Emory student reported locking his blue Trek bike with a combination lock to a rack outside of the Anthropology building March 21 around 12:55 p.m. On March 22 at 12:20 p.m., he noticed the bike was still there, but when he returned to the rack March 23 at 2:15 p.m., the bike was gone. The bike,valued at more than $500, and the lock were missing but his helmet was still there. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 27 at 12:46 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a domestic dispute at Longstreet-MeansHall. Officers met with a Campus Life professional who was contacted by a Resident Adviser (RA) in the building regarding a dispute between an student and his father. The Campus Life professional reportedseeing the subject kicking and punching his father. Officers spoke with the victim, who said the subject threatened him but denied any physical contact. The subject denied making threats and asked to be leftalone. Campus Life and Student Intervention Services reportedly spoke with the subject after he calmeddown. Officers waited with the victim until his Uber to leave campus arrived. The case has been assigned to an investigator.