On Sept. 21 at 10:15 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a motor vehicle fire at the Means Drive traffic circle. Officers arrived on the scene and spoke with DeKalb Countyfirefighters and the owner of a 1984 Dodge Ram 3500. The Dodge Ram had reportedly started emittingsmoke while the subject was driving and stalled after the driver entered the traffic circle. A passerbygave the driver a fire extinguisher, which he used on the engine. The driver was unable to restart thevehicle. The Emory fire safety director arrived on scene and concluded there was not a vehicle fire, onlyheavy smoke. A tow truck arrived on the scene and removed the vehicle from the traffic circle. The subject was unaffiliated with Emory.On Sept. 22 at 12:26 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at 11 Eagle Row,Sorority Village. Officers arrived on the scene and found a group of Emory students surrounding a 19year-old female Emory student who was lying in the bushes. She was unconscious but breathing. After some of the surrounding students assisted the individual in standing, she vomited in the bushes. Officersspoke with the other students who said they had just returned from a date party and that the subject had consumed vodka throughout the night. American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and transported the individual to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Sept. 22 at 12:34 a.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory staff member regarding suspiciousactivity at 20 Eagle Row, the Kappa Sigma house. A parking ambassador reported that his supervisorwitnessed students hitting empty beer cans with golf clubs. Officers arrived on the scene and found empty beer cans on the front lawn of the house and in the middle of the street near a stop sign. Officersspoke with the fraternity's social chair and told him they needed to throw away the cans. He and other fraternity members collected and discarded the cans without incident. Campus Life was notified.On Sept. 22 at 8:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Woodruff Physical EducationCenter. Officers spoke with an Emory student who reported his bright yellow Nike jacket missing from behind a basket ball goal on the first floor of the building. He reportedly arrived at the WoodPEC on Sept.21 at 7:30 p.m. and left at 11 p.m. When he returned the next day at noon, the jacket was missing from behind the goal and had not appeared in the lost and found. The jacket is valued at $100. The case has been assigned to an investigator.