Clinton to Deliver Law School Keynote AddressEMORY — Former U.S. President Bill Clinton will deliver the keynote address for the School of Law'sCentennial Gala at the St. Regis Atlanta Hotel April 29, according to an April 10 University press release.Former U.S. Sen. and Emory alumnus Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) (62L) will receive the centennial LifetimeAchievement Award at the same event. The gala will serve as the apex of a week end of events commemorating the law school's anniversary, including reunion parties for classes dating back to 1966.Clinton's address will be the second speech delivered by a former president as part of the Emory Schoolof Law's centennial celebration following former U.S. President and University Distinguished ProfessorJimmy Carter's April 6 speech on human rights.Trump Orders Strike on Syrian BaseSYRIA — President Donald J. Trump announced April 6 that he ordered a missile strike on a Syrian airbase to deter Syria's use of chemical weapons, according to The New York Times. The strike was aimed at the chemical attack's launch site, which was ordered by Syrian President Bashar al-AssadApril 4, against a rebel group. The chemical attack killed at least 86 civilians according to the Times.Russian President Vladimir V. Putin and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi condemned the strike and called for military action against the United States should it order another attack. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threw his support behind the U.S.'s move for moral reasons, citing the need to abolish chemical weapons, according to the Times.Three Die In Elementary School ShootingSAN BERNARDINO, Calif. — A shooting at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, Calif.,April 10 left three dead, including the gunman, a teacher and a student, according to The Los AngelesTimes. Police identified the shooter as Cedric Anderson, who entered the school and opened fire on his estranged wife Elaine Smith. Smith was teaching a class of 15 special needs students, according to the The New York Times. Two students were air lifted to the hospital. Eight-year-old Jonathan Martinezsuccumbed to his injuries en route and a nine-year-old student remains in stable condition as of Tuesdaynight. Police did not clarify if the students received direct gunshot wounds or were hit with shrapnel.Anderson had a criminal record that included domestic violence and weapon possession charges,according to The Los Angeles Times.New York to Offer Free College Tuition NEW YORK — The New York State Senate passed legislation April 9 to approve the ExcelsiorScholarship, which will pay tuition for students attending SUNY or CUNY two- or four-year publiccolleges whose families earn $100,000 or less annually. The program is estimated to cost approximately$163 million annually and will expand to assist students whose families make $125,000 or less annually by 2019, according to Reuters. Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D-NY) introduced the legislation January 2017 and it has been praised by advocates for the free college initiative, including Sen. and 2016 presidentialcandidate Bernie Sanders (D-Vt.). Scholarship recipients are required to work in New York for at least two years after receiving their associate's or bachelor's degree. If not, they must pay back the money as if it were a loan, according to NPR.