The field is nearly set for the April 12 start to the Stanley Cup Playoffs, with only three spots in the Eastern Conference still up for grabs. If the season ended today, the Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafsand Ottawa Senators would each clinch a play off berth. Vying to steal one of the final spots are the Tampa Bay Lightning, New York Islanders and Carolina Hurricanes who respectively sit three, five and seven points from play off positions. Asserting their spot a top the Western Conference, the ChicagoBlackhawks have also clinched the No. 1 seed in their conference.No. 1 Washington Capitals (52-18-8)This past week the Capitals continued to scorch their opposition and build on their league-leading regularseason record with three wins over a four-game span. Washington's star forwards spearheaded a 5-4overtime victory against the Minnesota Wild March 28, with exceptional performances from AlexanderOvechkin, who had a hat trick, T.J. Oshie, Nicklas Backstrom and Marcus Johansson. Oshie fired a wrist shot for the game-winning goal coming on an assist from Johansson, who scored four on the night.Washington's offense continued to click March 29 in a 5-3 win against the Colorado Avalanche.Forwards Johansson and Evgeny Kuznetsov were both active, each recording a goal and an assist. But in a poor defensive performance March 31, the Capitals fell at the claws of the Arizona Coyotes.Concluding the week on a more positive note, the Capitals best ed their divisional foe, the Columbus BlueJackets, 3-2. Goaltender Braden Holtby played his best game of the week, stopping 35 of Columbus' 37shots.No. 2 Chicago Blackhawks (50-22-7)Living up to their title as "the best in the west," the Blackhawks put together another solid week.Beginning March 29, the Blackhawks struck down the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 5-1 victory. ForwardsTanner Kero and Artemi Panarin were two of Chicago's top players, each marking a goal and an assist.Goalie Corey Crawford blocked an impressive 31 of 32 shots. Facing another tough opponent from the Metropolitan Division March 31, the Blackhawks tallied a 3-1 win over Columbus. Linemate Panarin andforward Patrick Kane crushed the Columbus defense, recording two goals and three assistsrespectively. Once again, Crawford was stingy in the net, allowing one goal on 33 shots. Despite a 3-2loss to the Boston Bruins April 2, the Blackhawks' No. 1 seed will provide the team with home ice in the first three rounds of the playoffs and puts them in prime position for a deep play off run.No. 3 Montreal Canadiens (46-24-9)The Montreal Canadiens are catching fire at the right time with a five-game win streak heading into the final week. In the first of Montreal's victories this past week, the Canadiens defeated the Dallas Stars 4-1, thanks to forward Max Pacioretty's goal and assist, as well as goaltender Carey Price's solid night innet. Montreal's offense lit up the score board against the Florida Panthers March 30, with forwardsBrendan Gallagher scoring a goal and three assists, and Paul Byron scoring two goals. Squaring up against the Tampa Bay Lightning April 1, the Canadiens escaped with a 2-1 overtime victory. ForwardAlexander Radulov blasted in the game-winning goal on a one-time pass from Pacioretty. Price had another spectacular performance, yielding one goal on 22 shots. With a 4-1 victory over Florida April 3,Montreal clinched the No. 1 seed in the Atlantic Division. Young players, forward Artturi Lehkonen, who had two goals and an assist, and goaltender Charlie Lindgren, who allowed one goal in his second careerappearance, helped the Canadiens march to victory.No. 4 Pittsburgh Penguins (48-19-11)Despite the Penguins' numerous injuries, the team has consistently found ways to win. With three of their top players injured — forwards Carl Hagelin, Evgeni Malkin and defense man Kris Letang — thePenguins overcame that set back to keep their strong hold on second place in the Metropolitan Division.Pittsburgh faltered in their first competition of the week March 29, falling to the Chicago 5-1. After a toughdefeat, forward Sidney Crosby, the league leader with 43 goals, led his team to a 4-3 shootout victoryagainst the New York Rangers. Crosby marked a goal and an assist in addition to a goal against theRangers' goalie Henrik Lundqvist in the shootout. But in another tight battle April 2, the Penguins edgedthe Carolina Hurricanes 3-2. Goaltender Matt Murray was magnificent in the goal crease, stopping 33 of35 shots.No. 5 Edmonton Oilers (44-25-9)For the first time since 2006, the Edmonton Oilers will return to the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Despite theirpostseason drought, the Oilers are poised to garner the glory thanks to the league leader in points,forward Connor McDavid. In all three of Edmonton's games this past week, McDavid flashed his skill and recorded points. His goal against the Los Angeles Kings was Edmonton's first goal in their 2-1 win.Goalie Cam Talbot followed up on McDavid's superb performance with a solid night in net, allowing onegoal on 35 shots. The Oilers defeated a Pacific Division rival, the San Jose Sharks 3-2 March 30.Forwards McDavid and Patrick Maro on both played strong games, each recording two points in thegame. Battling the Anaheim Ducks for the top of the Pacific Division, the Oilers notched a 3-2 win inovertime. For the third time this week, McDavid was active offensively, scoring a goal and two assists,including a beautiful saucer pass to forward Leon Draisaitl, who then scored the Oilers' game-winninggoal.