Emory Expands Cox Hall Hours, Campus Dining OptionsEMORY — Emory Dining has announced new vendors and expanded dining hours for the 2017-2018academic year, according to an Aug. 2 email from Director of Campus Dining Chad Sunstein. Cox Hall,which includes Cox Convenience Corner, Twisted Taco, Ray's Pizza, Char'd Grill, Bhojanic, Maru and the Green Bean, will be open from 6:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday. The Green Bean is now"The Green Bean by Kaldi's" after the two companies "partnered," and will remain a student-run location.Few Hall will offer "grab-and-go" meal exchanges, similar to the station in White Hall, from 11 a.m. to 2p.m. on class days. A new vendor, Sweet, Sweet Syria, is scheduled to sell artisan cookies and sweets at the weekly Farmer's Market. — Richard ChessUniversity's Chief Investment Officer RetiresEMORY — Emory University's Vice President of Investments and Chief Investment Officer (CIO) MaryCahill retired Aug. 1 after 17 years with the school, according to the Institutional Investor. At Emory,Cahill managed a $6.5 billion endowment as the head of Emory Investment Management. ExecutiveVice President of Business and Administration Christopher Augustini will act as the interim CIO until a permanent replacement is found. — Nicole SadekCyclotron Installed at Emory Proton Therapy CenterEMORY — The Winship Cancer Institute installed a 90-ton machine called a cyclotron in the EmoryProton Therapy Center July 13 as a part of the Center's goal to develop more precise and effective cancer treatment options, according to its website. The cyclotron accelerates protons using strongelectronic and magnetic fields to focus on cancer cells, which can minimize radiation to healthy tissue around cancerous tumors during treatment. The center, which will be staffed by faculty from Winship andEmory Healthcare, is scheduled to open in Midtown Atlanta by late 2018. Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed andEmory Healthcare CEO Jonathan Lewin attended the installation ceremony. "The Emory Proton TherapyCenter will allow the [Winship Cancer Institute] to continue its life-saving work by providing the latest and most advanced technology to fight this deadly disease," Reed said. "It will further solidify the city ofAtlanta's reputation as a global healthcare destination." — Anwesha GuhaFormer Adjunct Professor Indicted on 32 Felony CountsATLANTA — Former Emory School of Law Adjunct Professor Robert Thompson Jr. has been indicted on 30 counts of theft by taking by fiduciary and two counts of forgery in the first degree, according to Fulton County court documents. Atlanta Police Department determined that he stole more than $266,000from more than 20 clients seeking legal services after several complaints from clients prompted an investigation in May 2014, according to a July 11 Fulton County District Attorney press release. TheGeorgia Supreme Court disbarred him February 2015. Thompson faces up to 480 years in prison,according to the press release. Associate Vice President of Media Relations Nancy Seideman said that Emory declines to comment, noting that Thompson is no longer employed at Emory. — Richard ChessUniversity Hospital in Smyrna Seeks Approval for RenovationsATLANTA — Renovations estimated to cost $33 million for Emory University Hospital (EUH) Smyrnamay be delayed another year if WellStar Health System appeals the Georgia Department of Community Health (DCH)'s July 5 decision to grant Emory the Certificate of Need (CON) necessary for the facility'srenovations, according to the Marietta Daily Journal. WellStar, a competitor to Emory Healthcare,previously appealed the DCH's August 2016 decision to grant the CON to renovate the 82,000-squarefoot facility, citing the hospital's lack of an emergency room among other reasons. In a July 28 statement to the Wheel, Director of Media Relations for Emory Healthcare Janet Christenbury stated that Emory would be "continuing to work" to secure the approval. "Once the CON is approved, the facility will be closed to undergo extensive renovations and up grades to the 82,000-square-foot facility," Christenburywrote. "Renovation plans include the purchase of new MRI and CT equipment, as well as other substantial improvements to the facility." — Anwesha GuhaJustice Department to Investigate Affirmative Action AdmissionsWASHINGTON, D.C. — Lawyers hired by the U.S. Department of Justice will begin "investigations and possible litigation related to intentional race-based discrimination in college and university admissions,"according to an internal document published by The New York Times. That initiative would targetpractices like affirmative action, which favors traditionally disadvantaged or discriminated groups in the college admissions process. President and General Counsel of the Center for Equal Opportunity RogerClegg told the Times the project will look for stark gaps in test scores and drop out rates across raceswithin student bodies to determine if an applicant's racial identity has been overemphasized in the admissions process. "The civil rights laws were deliberately written to protect everyone fromdiscrimination, and it is frequently the case that not only are whites discriminated against now, butfrequently Asian-Americans are as well," he told the Times. — Anwesha GuhaMother Charged in Daughter's Parking Lot DeathEMORY — A woman has been charged with second-degree murder, child cruelty by neglect and concealing death of another after her daughter was found dead in an Emory University Hospital (EUH)parking deck, according to court records. Dijanelle Fowler was arrested July 17 and held without bond in DeKalb County jail. Prosecutors believe that Fowler left her one-year-old daughter Skylar Fowler in a car with the air conditioning running during a June 19 hair appointment, according to the Atlanta JournalConstitution. Fowler reportedly left the salon six hours after she entered. During that time, the car and its air conditioning stopped running. After Fowler managed to start the car, she drove to the EUH parkingdeck. She dialed 911 and said she was having a seizure but did not mention her daughter in thebackseat. When police arrived on the scene, Skylar was unresponsive and pronounced dead. Fowlerwas transported to the hospital, treated and released. Fowler's lawyer did not respond to request forcomment. — Nicole SadekEmory Medal Recipient DiesEMORY — Senior U.S. District Court Judge for the Northern District of Georgia and Emory Medalrecipient William O'Kelley (51C, 53L) died of cancer July 5 at the age of 87, according to the GainesvilleTimes. O'Kelley was nominated as a U.S. District Court judge in 1970 by U.S. President Richard M.Nixon and achieved senior status in 1996, according to a 2014 Emory Law press release. In 2014,O'Kelley received the Emory Medal, the highest alumnus award issued by the University. He has served on Emory's board of trustees and was also named one of the Emory Law 100, according to his AtlantaJournal-Constitution obituary. — Richard Chess