On April 10 at 1:14 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call at the Boisfeuillet JonesBuilding regarding a theft. An Emory student reported her EmoryCard stolen from the Dobbs UniversityCenter (DUC) the previous day at 4 p.m. The student said she used the card to purchase a coffee atKaldi's and then placed the card and her coffee on the counter. She stepped away for three minutes, and upon her return, the card was missing. She checked the card's transactions and found that someone had spent $18 between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 10 at 5:51 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at White Hall. The officer spoke with an Emory student who reported her wallet missing April 9. The student told the officer she was in the second floor lobby of White Hall by the snack machines at 7:30 p.m. before entering class room 208 at8:15 p.m for a meeting. After the meeting, she returned to her room around 11 p.m. and realized she was missing her wallet. She canceled her Wells Fargo credit card at 12:20 a.m. She was notified via email that some one attempted to make a $3 purchase on her credit card, but the transaction was declined because the card had already canceled at 12:45 a.m. The wallet contained her credit card, driver'slicense, insurance card, Emory ID, social security card and room key. The wallet is valued at $10.Campus Life was notified. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 12 at 12:32 a.m., EPD responded to a fire in Clairmont Campus CRC Building E. Officers met with several students standing outside of the building who stated there was a fire in the bath room of their fourth floor apartment. After smelling smoke coming from the bathroom, one student said used a fire extinguisher and sprayed the fire in the bath room but was not sure if she completely extinguished it.Officers and DeKalb Fire Rescue went to the bath room and found the fire extinguished but the room was filled with smoke. DeKalb Fire and Facilities Management also responded to the scene. DeKalb Fire stated that the bath room exhaust fan caused the fire for unknown reasons and cleared the room for reentry. None of the students were injured. Campus Life was notified and helped temporarily relocate the students to another room.On April 13 at 3:28 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from a parked car at the LowergateVisitor Parking Deck, level E. Officers spoke with the victim, a hospital visitor, who reported parking herSubaru Outback in the deck at 7:30 a.m. She returned to the vehicle around 3:28 p.m. and discovered the front passenger's side window broken and her purse and laptop missing. The missing items are valued at $400 total, and the damage to the vehicle is estimated to be $500. Officers found a detachablescrewdriver head protruding from the window frame. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 16 at 12:55 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft on the second floor of the WoodruffResidential Center. Officers met with an Emory student who reported a box of Hefty trash bags stolen.She said she left the bags by an exit door near the parking lot around 12 p.m. When she went back to retrieve them, they were gone. The bags are valued at $20. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On April 16 at 10:18 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding burglary, criminal trespass and simple battery at 10 Eagle Row, the Pi Kappa Alpha (Pike) fraternity house. EPD spoke with an Emory student who discovered two white males in a room of the house at 3:10 a.m., holding a picture of one of Pike'sfounders and various posters and rummaging through the occupant's belongings. The student yelled at the two subjects, who then dropped the items, pushed the student and ran through the house. One of the intruders exited through the kitchen, and the other through the back door. While pursuing the twosubjects, the student saw a third subject jump off the balcony and run toward 20 Eagle Row, the Kappa Sigma fraternity house. The student said that the balcony doors and windows on the second floor are always left unlocked. The majority of the Pike brothers were away at formal for the weekend. There was a Wii and several controllers missing from the house. The Emory student went to 20 Eagle Row and asked for the Wii and controllers back. The items were returned to the front steps of the Pike house the following morning. The residents of the room the subjects were found in reported nothing missing.Campus Life was notified. The case has been assigned to an investigator.