January is generally a waste land for new movies, especially horror films. While the cream of the creepycrop receive top billing in October, most cash-grab remakes and dismal sequels are dumped in January as studios quietly abandon their generic jump-scare fare to the masses.However, something interesting occasionally finds its way into theaters. The Bye Bye Man is that rare January horror film that offers something fresh, original and, while the film doesn't quite live up to itspotential, it still creates a thrilling theater experience.The film centers around three college students moving into an off-campus house: Elliot (Douglas Smith),his girlfriend Sasha (Cressida Bonas) and Elliot's best friend John (Lucien Laviscount). After discovering a strange message in a basement dresser, Elliot is haunted by a terrifying entity known as the "Bye ByeMan," who spreads to others when his name is spoken aloud to them. In order to avoid becoming the Bye Bye Man's next victims, the trio must avoid spreading the name to others while also trying to find away to remove his curse once and for all.On paper, The Bye Bye Man is a fairly solid premise for a horror film, though it's a bit clichéd inconception. Comparisons to 2014's phenomenal It Follows are likely to follow this film's release, but while It Follows preys on fears of adolescent sexuality and naiveté, The Bye Bye Man has no suchagenda. The Bye Bye Man isn't interested in your sex life or your soul. He just wants you dead.This lack of motivation both bolsters and hinders the Bye Bye Man as the film's central antagonist. Onone hand, fears of incomprehensible evil and of the unknown are of our most primal. Our inability to know or control everything frightens us. Films like Halloween or The Fog are effective in this way, because wecan't reason or stop these evil forces; we can only run from them. The Bye Bye Man works similarly, as he strikes an imposing presence simply by standing in a corner of a shot or being viewed only inshadow. His pale white skin and reptilian eyes are creepy enough on their own, but actor Doug Jones'emotionless face makes him even more sinister.On the other hand, the script's failure to address the Bye Bye Man's motives also hurts the movie. Thevillain never speaks, so we have no idea of his endgame. Even when the obligatory exposition dumpexplaining his history is provided, the movie never hints at his motivation. Does the Bye Bye Man need these souls to stay alive? Is he planning world domination? This omission makes the climax of the film fall a bit flat because we never really get a handle on what half the storyHowever, the film excels in some genuinely well-done sequences that showcase director Stacy Title'sknack for horror and suspense. Title constantly positions the camera so that your eyes are forced to dart over the background, searching for eerie movement in the shadows. In a refreshing subversion ofexpectations, many of the static or pull back shots don't actually end in a jump scare, which keeps the audience on the edges of their seats. It's a real crowd-pleaser of a horror movie, but probably wouldn't be quite as effective if viewed in a home theater or on your laptop.Speaking of the audience, The Bye Bye Man is one of the best examples of theater horror in recentmemory. The script is littered with small moments of humor throughout that had the screening audiencelaughing and screaming in equal measure.In terms of acting, Douglas Smith provides the film's stand out performance as Elliot, balancing hischaracter's slacker demeanor with the personality of a man on the brink of insanity. Elliot's best friend John (Laviscount) is actually a lot of fun, providing most of the film's jokes and nailing the delivery. The one weak link is Cressida Bonas as Sasha, who seems to fluctuate between apathy and falling asleep with each line. To say she's wooden would be an understatement, as she feels more like a robotstruggling to comprehend human emotion during every dramatic scene.By and large, The Bye Bye Man is a welcome return to fun horror movies in theaters. It's flawed anddoesn't turn the genre on its head, but considering that we're in doldrums of January cinema, you can'task for much more. While the film is haunted by the specter of not living up to its potential, it's still a hell of a fun ride if you watch it with the right crowd.Grade: B