The Chicago Blackhawks and New York Rangers both compiled victories over the past week and earned themselves a place among the Wheel's top five teams in the National Hockey League. Bothsquads enjoyed offensive productions from their top line of forwards and played reliably in the goalcrease. Despite their hiatuses from the power rankings, the Rangers and Blackhawks proved they are worthy of consideration as some of the league's top teams.Along with the additions of the Rangers and Blackhawks, the Washington Capitals, Pittsburgh Penguinsand Minnesota Wild all return to the top five. These squads have been consistent and find a variety of ways to win games. They are well-rounded and have the tools to carry their success to the end of the season and into the playoffs.The following rankings are based on play to date.No. 1 Washington Capitals (39-11-6)For the third consecutive edition of the Wheel's power rankings, the Washington Capitals are the top team in the league. Living up to their status as the league's best, the Capitals made easy work of their three opponents this week in three games on home ice. Beginning last Tuesday, goaltender BradenHoltby led the the Capitals to a 5-0 rout against the Carolina Hurricanes. Five different players scored for the Capitals, including their leading scorer forward Alexander Ovechkin, who tallied his 26th goal of theseason. During competition Thursday, the Capitals lit up the score board once again, defeating the Detroit Red Wings 6-3. Forward T.J. Oshie marked two goals in the game, and Capitals' forward NicklasBackstrom and defense man John Carlson both recorded a goal and an assist. The Capitals concluded their play this week Saturday, when an unlikely hero scored the game-winning goal for Washington against the Anaheim Ducks. Forward Zach Sanford converted on his first NHL goal late in the game to put Washington up 5-4. After Saturday's win, the Capitals strung together an impressive set of streaksincluding 12 straight home victories and 11 straight home games, where Washington has scored five or more goals.No. 2 Minnesota Wild (37-12-6)The star for Minnesota Wild this week was forward Jason Pominville, who was awarded the NHL's firststar of the week honor. Pominville started the week on fire, tallying two goals and two assists inMinnesota's 4-2 win over Winnipeg Tuesday. Along with Pominville, strong performers included forwardNino Niederreiter, who also scored two goals, and forward Charlie Coyle, who had three assists. In theWild's second game in consecutive days, the Wild fell to the Chicago Blackhawks in overtime.Recovering from the hard-fought defeat, the Wild played another game Friday that went past regulation against the Tampa Bay Lightning. Goaltender Devan Dubnyk earned his 30th win of the season as the Wild won the game in the shootout. In a six-goal performance, the Wild edged a victory over Detroit onSunday. Pominville again added his name to the scoresheet, recording two assists alongside teammateZach Parise, who flashed his talent with two goals in the game.No. 3 Chicago Blackhawks (35-17-5)Chicago has been red-hot as of late, stringing together a five-game winning streak. A plethora of players all fulfilled their roles, helping the Blackhawks return to their high level of play. Starting their weekWednesday, the Blackhawks defeated the Minnesota Wild in an overtime game. Forward JonathanToews was Chicago's hero as he stuffed in a rebound on a shot by defense man Duncan Keith to win thegame. Chicago increased their margin of victory Friday, as they beat the Winnipeg Jets 5-2. The forward line of Artem Anisimov, Artemi Panarin and Patrick Kane was brilliant in the game as all three scored in the winning effort. The Blackhawks received a brilliant performance from their back up goaltender ScottDarling Saturday as they crushed the Edmonton Oilers 5-1. Forward Richard Panik was highly effective for Chicago, marking two goals and an assist.No. 4 New York Rangers (37-18-1)Much like the Blackhawks, the Rangers compiled an impressive winning streak. As they currently stand,the Rangers are riding a six-game winning streak. Their first victory this week came last Tuesday,against the Anaheim Ducks, 4-1. Opportunistic forward Michael Grabner led the Rangers' winningefforts, scoring the squad's third and fourth goals on two primary assists from linemate forward J.T.Miller. Goalie Henrik Lundqvist was also stout in the victory, stopping a barrage of shots from the Ducks'skaters. New York replicated their winning ways Thursday, holding off the Nashville Predators 4-3. Onceagain, Miller and Grabner had superb performances along with linemate forward Kevin Hayes,accounting for three goals on the night. Energized by two goals from by defenseman Kevin Klein and thegame-winning goal from forward Rick Nash, the Rangers powered their franchise goalie to a careermilestone in a 4-2 victory. During the Rangers' win Saturday, Lundqvist made history by becoming one of an elite few to win 400 games with only one club. The Rangers concluded their week Monday,marking their sixth straight victory in a 3-2 win against the Columbus Blue Jackets. Forward JimmyVesey ended his scoring drought by slipping through the Columbus defense to score the winning goal in the third period.No. 5 Pittsburgh Penguins (34-13-7)While not the most perfect of weeks from Pittsburgh, the Penguins are still in prime position in the playoffpicture. Pittsburgh began their week last Tuesday, in a shoot out loss against the Calgary Flames. ThePenguins fought back from a two goal deficit in the third period to knot the game at two a piece headinginto overtime. Unfortunately for the Penguins, Calgary goaltender Chad Johnson was strong in net,making 31 saves, and he outlasted the Penguins' offensive attack until the game went to the shootout.Traveling west, the Penguins initiated the first half of a two-game trek to Colorado and Arizona, against the Colorado Avalanche and the Arizona Coyotes respectively. Pittsburgh defeated the league's worstteam, the Avalanche, in a 4-1 victory. Forward Patric Hornqvist found the back of the net twice inPittsburgh's win. Against the Arizona Coyotes Saturday, the Penguins competed in a game that went toovertime. In his first game of the season, forward Josh Archibald scored two goals for the Penguins.Archibald's goal with just over five minutes remaining boosted his team, leaving them behind by only onegoal. Penguins' forward Phil Kessel converted on a rebound shot with 15 second left to tie the game.While the Penguins earned a point in the standings for advancing the game to overtime, Coyotes'defenseman Connor Murphy beat Penguins' goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury and sent the Penguins home with a loss in the overtime period. Nonetheless, Pittsburgh remains in second place in the MetropolitanDivision.