Due to Atlanta's erratic weather, spring temperatures arrived early this year. The Wheel is here to keep your wardrobe updated during this seasonal transition with tips for how to dress for events ranging fromcomfy casual for class to dressing up for a night out.Khakis"Beige" stopped being a synonym for "boring" when Kim Kardashian began rocking a Band-Aid-coloredbodycon dress regularly. This would be a great look for lunch with some friends just as Kim Kardashianwore this dress while going out for a family lunch. This spring, neutral hues will be especially widespread.The timeless trench silhouette can be transformed from dull everyday-wear into tailored, slit-shoulderjackets and belted skirt-pants for a night out.StripesSpring's stripes don't speak softly. Bold, bright and brilliantly textured, they're are a jolt of energy. Apopular twist to the trend is inspired by the beach. Ranging in color, beach stripes are especially fresh in the form of a knit dress. If you are feeling sporty, then consider incorporating stripes into your gymclothing.NeonIs it just me, or is the future looking especially bright? Designers dipped their toes back into fluorescentwaters for spring, both for day and for night. While the high-wattage look may seem overwhelming,neutral-colored layers and an a thleisure vibe suggest a wearable way to try out the trend at home as well as in nightclubs.One shoulderYou didn't think the cold shoulder was going anywhere, did you? The exposed-shoulders look still remains popular. Spring 2017 fashion trends have an answer to this summer's off-the-shoulderphenomenon: the one-shoulder top or dress. Styles range from '80s-inspired to de constructed fabrics.Shades of Blue and Pink From the palest seafoam to the richest cerulean, blues are a tune everyone can sing. Pinks ranging from pale rose to shocking magenta are also popular this season. This should come as some relief to those in need of a break from wearing winter's staple colors, black and white. The relatively subdued, blush-pinktrend evolved into deep fuchsias, magentas and shocking Schiaparelli pinks that dominate the runways.You might pair these colors with some denim or a matching trench coat for cooler days.Statement SleevesShoulders have been the focal point of nearly every fashion girl's go-to outfit for 2016, but come spring,designers are turning their attention a little lower, adding rows of ruffles, volume and pops of print to the lower sleeve. A new take on the now pervasive off-the-shoulder silhouette, a bandeau paired with cuffedballoon sleeves, spices things up a little. Finally, leg o' mutton sleeves are a rising trend (despite theirunfortunate name). Statement sleeves are a great way to incorporate spring colors like blue sheer chiffonand magenta pink cotton into one's outfits.ConclusionSpring 2017 is the time to be bright and bold. This season people will boast twists on common trends and bright spring colors including blues, yellows and pinks. A striped top with khakis for class or a cut outneon dress for a night out are perfect for the season ahead.