On Oct. 10 at 2:16 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at Raoul Hall. Officers arrived on scene and met with several Emory students, including thesubject, an 18-year-old female student who was unconscious but breathing. Her friend told officers she consumed three beers and one vodka shot earlier in the night at an unknown fraternity house and had thrown up 10 times prior to the officers' arrival. The officers were unable to wake the intoxicatedindividual. The officer observed blood coming from her nose and a bump on her head, which shereportedly contracted from a fall in the bath room earlier that night. American Medical Response (AMR)and DeKalb County Fire and Rescue also arrived on the scene, and the student was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 11 at 12:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding battery (visible bodily harm to another) atRaoul Hall. Officers spoke to the complainant, a resident adviser, who called on behalf of one of herresidents. The victim, an Emory student, said that on Oct. 10 at 10:40 p.m., while she was studying in a lounge in the building, another student walked by and they began discussing their fall breaks. The other student then reportedly pulled out a pocket knife and began playing with it. The subject gently pressed the knife into the palm of the victim, leaving a cut. The subject later texted an apology to the victim,according to the victim. The victim reported the incident to her resident adviser, and the Campus Life on call personnel also arrived on scene. The victim denied an offer to move to a different location for theevening. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 11 at 4:24 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a second-degree burglary from the EmoryWoodruff Memorial Research Building. An officer met with an Emory employee who reported a printer stolen from room 2131. The printer was last known to be in the office on Oct. 6 at 8:30 a.m. The doctor who sometimes occupied the office discovered the printer was missing on Oct. 10 at 4:50 p.m. Theprinter, an HP LaserJet Pro M102w, is valued at $160. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 12 at 8:25 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding to a vehicle break-in at the Visual ArtsBuilding and Gallery parking lot. An officer met with an Emory student who reported parking his 2012Audi A7 in the front of the building at 6 p.m. and returning at 8:20 p.m. to find his front passenger side window shattered and his back pack missing. Officers collected partial prints from the broken window.The Burberry backpack, which contained an Apple MacBook Pro, Prada sunglasses and a French language textbook are valued at a total of $2,630. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 15 at 5:04 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at LongstreetMeans Hall. Officers met with an Emory student who said that his roommate, an 18-year-old Emorystudent, had been vomiting around 4 a.m. The room mate said that he was concerned because the vomit was red and resembled blood. The room mate said that the subject had been at a friend's house earlier and consumed an unknown amount of whiskey. The room mate also reported the subject had been transported to the hospital earlier in the year after he had consumed alcohol. Officers observedburgundy-colored vomit on the sheets of the subject's bed. American Medical Response (AMR) alsoarrived on the scene but the subject refused medical treatment and transport. AMR advised the subject come down from the bunk bed and relocate closer to the floor. The room mate said he would care for thesubject. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 15 at 7:56 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding criminal trespass property damage at CasaEmory, the Spanish and Portuguese House, at 756 Peavine Creek Road. Officers met and spoke with an Emory student, who reported that some one shattered the rear windshield of her 2006 Toyota Corollawhile it was parked at the house. The student said that she parked the vehicle on Oct. 13 at 3 p.m. andreturned Oct. 15 at 2:30 p.m. Nothing was reported stolen from the car. Officers searched the area for possible tools used to cause the damage but found nothing. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.