Emory men's soccer achieved one of the greatest wins in program history, defeating the No. 1University of Chicago Maroons 3-0 Oct. 7. The roller coaster two-week stretch continued Oct. 13 andOct. 15 at home with an emphatic 5-0 win over New York University (NYU) before a heartbreaking 1-0overtime defeat against No. 3 Brandeis University (Mass.).The Maroons' astonishing 28-game undefeated streak, dating back to November 2015, is officially over.In its place, Emory extended its own win streak, which reached as high as eight before the Eagles'narrow loss to the Brandeis Judges. Currently, Emory (10-3, 3-1) stands tied for No. 1 in the UAAconference with Chicago, Brandeis and Rochester (N.Y.).While the rest of the country endured the depressing reality of the U.S. men's national soccer team'sfailure to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, the Emory men's soccer team returned home from the game against the U Chicago that same week with reason to celebrate."Going into the game, we felt really good," junior forward and UAA Athlete of the Week Moustafa Khattabsaid. "We won six [games] in a row … To go there, win seven [games] straight and beat them at home when they haven't lost [in a while] — everyone on the team was just super excited."When asked to describe the game in one word, Khattab said, "hype."Khattab jetted the Eagles to an early 1-0 advantage, striking the opening goal from 20 yards out. The ball caromed off the goalpost, rolling in during the 14th minute."We knew that [Chicago is] a very good team," Khattab said. "They're very organized … Scoring early was really key, and once we scored early, we just kept pressuring them."In the 29th minute, junior forward Tyler Walsh recorded the first goal of his college career from 10 feet out off an assist by junior midfielder Michael Stier, doubling the Eagles' score."We got very fortunate early in the game," Interim Head Coach Cory Greiner said. "We realized that [theMaroons] have some of the fastest players in the country up top and some of the most dangerousplayers. After a little bit of an initial flurry in the game, we got used to their speed and their pace … Guyswere covering for each other, and we defended a little bit more as a team."The Maroons failed to make a comeback in the second half as the Eagles tallied yet another goal a mere three minutes into the second half courtesy of senior forward Christian Meyer. Chicago seniorgoalkeeper Hill Bonin deflected a shot off Emory senior forward Jason McCartney but fell short of blocking Meyer, who collected the rebound in stride. The Eagles finished with a 3-0 shutout, marking theprogram's first ever win against a No. 1 opponent."[This game] consolidated what we, as a team, think and what we know we can accomplish," Khattabsaid. "It was more of like saying to everyone, 'Now we know that we can be at any team … and make the[NCAA] tournament and go far.'"Much credit goes to Emory's defense and freshman keeper Cole Gallagher for shutting out the competition and keeping clean sheets against New York and Chicago. The defensive unit limited the explosive Maroon attack to a season-low four shots on goal."Our guys are really excited coming out of the [Chicago] game with such a big result over one of the best teams in the country," Greiner said. "It's important to stick to our values and who we are and not try to get ahead of ourselves for the rest of the season, but I think our guys believe that they can compete and play with anybody."The Emory attack shifted into full gear Friday against NYU, with goals from McCartney (with two),sophomore defender Keegan McCombie, Stier and Meyer leading the way to a 5-0 demolition.Two days after the NYU shutout, the Eagles met their match against the Brandeis Judges. The Eagles had several goal opportunities, including a disallowed offsides goal in the second half. Neither team made headway in either half, which led to a heated and physical overtime. Desperate to end the gamevictorious, the Eagles and Judges produced 19 and 20 shots, respectively, throughout the evenly-playedmatch.The game nearly ended in Emory's favor during overtime when senior midfielder Adam Ferguson had analmost-goal that had his fellow teammates running from the bench on to the field with the thought ofvictory, only to discover that the ball had missed the right goal post by inches.Brandeis delivered the fatal blow with an unforeseen header by junior midfielder Patrick Flahive minutes before the end of the second overtime half, wrapping up the week end with a heartbreaking 1-0 loss forEmory.The Eagles play the Oglethorpe University (Ga.) Stormy Petrels Oct. 18 at 7 p.m. on Salamone Field.