The Emory women's volleyball team emerged victorious in two nail-biting matches at home thisweekend. The Eagles won their first game against Claremont McKenna College (Calif.) 3-1 Sept. 15 and their second against Juniata College (Penn.) in a 3-0 victory Sept. 16. The Eagles now have a record of8-1.During what Head Coach Jenny McDowell called "the best match of the year to date," No. 4 Emoryfaced off against No. 8 Claremont McKenna in what was nothing short of a battle on the court.The match reached a high level of intensity from the get-go, with impressive kills from both sophomoreoutside hitter Sara Carr and freshman right side Leah Saunders. While Claremont continued to fightback, countering the Eagles' attacks with timely digs and key blocks, Emory never stood in a losingposition.Sophomore defensive specialist Andie McKinnon noted how the attendance of more than 500 spectatorscontributed to the Eagles' success."So many people were out there supporting us on Friday night, and it really just added to our excitement,"McKinnon said.Despite the season-high attendance numbers, things took a turn in Claremont's favor during the secondset, when Emory lost several points by way of attack errors. The Eagles returned in the third set to win25-19. In what ended up being the final set of the game, the Eagles and Athen as were tied 25-25. As a result of striking kills by both sophomore outside hitters Morgan McKnight and Saunders, and setting provided by junior setter Mady Arles, the Eagles managed to clinch two consecutive points and claimvictory.The Juniata game started quickly with a challenge on both sides of the court to keep the ball alive, as the visiting team began in the lead with a strong kill. Emory quickly bounced back thanks to an attack error by Juniata and a kill by freshman middle hitter Maggie Rimmel. The score board remained tight withEmory taking the lead by only a point or two throughout the first set.Juniata found success at the net, providing some impressive blocks and tips. Tensions were high on both sides of the net and both teams were quick to call time outs and regroup.While Emory's overall level of play was not up to its usual standards, the performance from the backlinedefense issued a reminder of the levels that the team was capable of achieving."I thought our defense carried us yesterday and that we have a really great back court," McDowell said."Knowing we're really solid in the back row gives us a lot of confidence."The Eagles ended up winning the three sets of the game by two, five and seven points respectively.McKinnon noted how each player contributed to this weekend's victories."All our positions have been working hard individually, and that hard work shows off in the games,"McKinnon said. "Blockers have been working really hard on closing blocks, offense has been working on different shots and defense has been all about focusing on being in the right place. We're meshingtogether on court and that's translating into us being a well-oiled machine."Going forward, the team is looking to keep working toward a higher level of play, McKinnon said."[McDowell] has been stressing working on the things that we can control, like serving or being in the right place for defense," McKinnon said. "It's all about the smaller details that can be forgottensometimes."The Eagles will travel to Lexington, Ky. Sept. 22 to face off against Transylvania University (Ky.) at 7p.m. On Sept. 23 the Eagles will play Heidelberg College (Ohio) at noon and Bowdoin College (Maine) at2 p.m.