On Feb. 21 at 2:55 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft atClairmont Campus URC Building A. Officers spoke with an Emory student who reported $90 cashmissing from her desk drawer. She believed some one took the money between Feb. 8 and 18 sinceCampus Life temporarily relocated her Feb. 8 due to necessary m old work in her apartment. She returned to the apartment Feb. 18 to find her cash missing. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 21 at 6:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center(DUC). An Emory student reported her purple North Face backpack stolen from the dining area. She said that she hung her bag on a chair before getting food around 6:20 p.m. When she returned 10minutes later, it was gone. The bag contained an Apple MacBook Pro, a grey Coach wallet, cash,financial cards, glasses and a water bottle. The items are valued at $2,710 total. A Campus Liferepresentative met and spoke with the student. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 23 at 1:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from the Robert W. Woodruff Library.A Georgia Institute of Technology employee reported his Georgia Tech-issued Dell XPS laptop missingafter he accidentally left it in a first floor room in the Woodruff Library Feb. 22 around 4 p.m. When he returned to retrieve the laptop the next day, it was gone. The laptop, valued at $1,000, had not been turned into the library staff. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 24 at 2:21 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding harassment. An Emory student reportedseeing her ex-boyfriend, who is not an Emory affiliate, outside of Smith Hall. She said that his presence on Emory's campus was making her uncomfortable. The couple dated from July to August 2016, thenbroke up, during which time he impregnated another girl. The two spoke again early February 2017,when they decided to remain friends and watch the Feb. 5 Super Bowl together. However, she broke off all contact with him over text later that day after he took her cell phone and refused to return it until she allowed him to take her home. After Feb. 5, the subject began spending time on Emory's campus andreportedly rented an apartment in the area. Although they had not communicated since Feb. 10, theEmory student reported seeing him Feb. 23 on the Quadrangle and later at Panera Bread at EmoryVillage. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 26 at 2:40 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at Raoul Hall.Officers made contact with a 18-year-old Emory student who appeared intoxicated and unresponsive. Astudent with the subject reported that the two had gone to Maggie's Neighborhood Bar & Grill togetherearlier that night, where subject consumed a Long Island Iced Tea and a tequila drink. Officers collecteda fake ID belonging to the subject's roommate, who was at the scene. Emory Emergency MedicalServices (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) also arrived on the scene. DeKalbAMR transported the student to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.