Three weeks ago, The Emory Wheel's then-news editor reached out to the Graduate Student Government Association (GSGA) President Jared Greenbaum (17M.B.A.) about the location of thatweek's GSGA meeting. Greenbaum did not respond to multiple requests for comment, but later revealed the location and said that the Wheel could not send undergraduate reporters to cover GSGA meetingsbecause only graduate students are constituents of GSGA.Greenbaum said that the GSGA Constitution currently grants them the power to close meetings at any time to attendees — including graduate students — who are not legislators. The GSGA Constitution states that its meetings "shall be conducted as described in the GSGA bylaws." Those same by laws are still being debated and discussed, according to Greenbaum, who said that only graduate reporters will be allowed to cover GSGA meetings..But without independent news coverage of and guaranteed open meetings for student government,student leaders in positions of power cannot be held accountable.The Emory Wheel is not bound to any divisional school within the University, but rather has a responsibility to report on the entirety of Emory and its community, including the graduate and professional schools. To deny any Wheel reporter — including undergraduates — access to GSGAmeetings not only prevents the Wheel from fulfilling its elemental obligation, one that no other organization pledges to provide to the University; it also betrays a surprising arrogance on the part ofGSGA. A newly formed democratic government should be doing all it can to establish itself as a legitimate and transparent organization. As former U.S. President Obama said, "A democracy requiresaccountability and accountability requires transparency."That lack of accountability and transparency is not simply a small detail that went overlooked in the construction of the GSGA Constitution — it is an insult to democracy.As members of Emory's student body, we cannot risk the possibility of our leaders acting withoutstudents' knowledge. The current $92 Student Activities Fee (SAF) contribution from the about 7,102graduate students alone constitutes a budget of approximately $650,000 for the GSGA budget.Blind trust in elected leaders to implement the vision of student government that we voted for is notenough. Concrete checks, including free press access, are necessary to hold GSGA accountable. TheWheel will continue to do its job and seek and report the truth, but it is now up to GSGA to prove they area government that values accountability and transparency in the first place.The above editorial represents the majority opinion of the Wheel's Editorial Board.