Dear Doolino,I am a College senior and will be graduating in May. I am currently undergoing the extremely stressful jobrecruitment process. Most of my friends in the B-School have gotten return offers and are finalizing thosefive-figure salaries. As a non-business student, I'm obviously having a much harder time finding a consulting job. It is becoming very difficult to spend time with my friends, considering they only talk aboutrecruitment and jobs. Should I find new people to hang out with?Yours,Defective RobotDear Defective Robot,I see you have gone down the dark path and joined the rat race. It's fine, I understand you need to pay off school loans. But now that you have decided on this path, you must also prepare for all the obstacles.While I have no personal experience with either finance or recruiting, I have a bunch of experience withnetworking (which my business friends tell me is important). Networking is all about testing your limits as well as your patience. You simply need to plaster a permanent smile on your face as you interact withrecruiters, employees and alumni. Have a list of questions about the industry and the recruitmentprocess. I believe the world wide web is also good place to make connections. You kids and your convenient gadgets.Now, as for your friends, be happy for those who obtained fancy jobs, but, if it bothers you that much, be honest with them. I'm sure they'll understand. Either way, I guarantee that in the near future, you're going to be happily employed. Who cares if you're the last one of your friends to land a job? As they say, save the best for last.Sincerely,DoolinoDear Doolino,This is my last fall at Emory. I want to make the most of it and do all the things I promised myselffreshman year. But where do I begin? There's so much to do at Emory and in Atlanta. Please give me tips on having a wholesome and enjoyable senior year.Yours,Eager EagleDear Eager Eagle,Now this question is right up my alley — I've been around for a while. Keep in mind that each person'sEmory experience is unique and special for different reasons. Find your reasons and stick on to them as you finish your term at Emory. Whether it's your friends, your classes or your extracurricular activities.I love that you aren't stressing about being a senior and are focusing on your last few months as an Emory student, a great time to avoid adulthood. Try to get as many free t-shirts, mugs and sunglassesfrom events around campus; you won't be getting much free stuff outside my turf. My final suggestion is to say have a meaningful conversation with my dear friend Rick at Maggie's, who, let's be honest, you'vealready met.Also take the time to explore Atlanta as a city. Being in the suburbs, Emory students often forgo the fun activities Atlanta has to offer. Enjoy a hot dog at The Varsity in honor of President Obama, or get some sweet Southern delicacies at Mary Mac's Tea Room. If you're not an Atlantan, make time for the city specific delicacies — you don't know when you'll be in the city with the same people again.Sincerely,Doolino