This story will be updated as new information becomes available.An "all clear" was issued after Emory and Atlanta VA Health Care System police conducted a nearlyhour-long search for a wanted, unarmed individual in Lullwater Preserve Wednesday afternoon.The individual, a VA patient, was unable to be located and Emory Police Department (EPD), DeKalbCounty and VA police are continuing to monitor the area, according to a University statement.The Atlanta VA Medical Center police said that they had tried to arrest the individual for a probationviolation, but he had escaped to Clairmont Campus near Lullwater Preserve, according to a Universitystatement. VA police called EPD at 4:13 p.m. to alert them to the situation, according to the statement.Emory issued a "shelter in place" alert at 4:49 p.m. The message said that a "police emergency" wasoccurring on Emory's campus in the Clairmont Campus/Lullwater Preserve/VA Hospital area. DeKalbpolice K-9 units assisted EPD with the manhunt, according to De Kalb County Communications. At 5:30p.m., EPD wrote on Twitter that people should avoid Lullwater, where they were searching for theindividual.Emory Alert and EPD issued an "all clear" at 5:40 p.m.During the shelter in place, sirens went off at multiple locations around the Atlanta campus. Shuttles were stopped temporarily but are running again. People at Clairmont Campus were advised via loudspeakernot to leave buildings and to stay indoors.At several buildings on campus, people took precautionary measures. The Robert W. Woodruff Library announced that students should remain inside the library until given the "all clear." Emergency responseofficers went to Goizueta Business School class rooms and advised students and professors on thesituation. Some classes that were in session at the 1462 Clifton Road Building, Anthropology Buildingand Callaway Memorial Center barricaded doors with chairs.EPD did not respond to multiple requests for comment.Richard Chess, Alisha Compton, Hayley Silverstein, Kevin Kilgour, Leila Yavari and Madeline Lutwychecontributed reporting.