On Nov. 6 at 4:30 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call from Clairmont ResidentialCenter Building F regarding a theft or loss of a phone on an Emory shuttle. An Emory student reported his iPhone 7 missing after riding an Emory Cliff Shuttle bus from Woodruff Circle at around 12:40 p.m.He said that he checked the phone's location using an online website and saw it was in the Redan/StoneMountain area. The student said he had switched the phone into "lost" mode to render it useless. Thephone is valued at $750. This case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 8 at 12:41 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding five to six individuals sitting on top ofPeavine II parking deck. The complainant, an Emory student, said that the group was sitting on the deck in an inaccessible area and screaming obscenities. Officers arrived on the scene and made contact with five Emory students climbing down a ladder that leads to the top of the elevator shaft of the parking deck.The individuals said they were hanging out, getting fresh air and listening to music. Officers told them they could continue to hang out but could not climb into restricted areas due to safety concerns. Officersdid not see any signs of alcohol or drug use. Campus Life was notified.On Nov. 11 at 12:42 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious vehicle and duty striking of a fixed object in the University Residential Center parking deck. The complainant, an Emory student,reported three possibly intoxicated individuals in a white truck that hit a pole. The truck driver thenreportedly drove to the third level of the deck. Officers arrived on the scene and searched for the vehicle and any damage. EPD found a vehicle with extensive front damage that matched the vehicle descriptionprovided by the complainant. Officers spoke with the Emory student with whom the vehicle's parking tagwas registered. Another EPD officer reviewed video footage and observing the truck enter the deck at12:38 a.m. undamaged. The student told the officer that he had been in bed all night and had not driven much that day. When asked if he had been in an accident, the student said no. When officers told him they had video footage of the incident, he admitted he and two friends had been in the vehicle thatevening, but said that he was in the passenger seat asleep and had woken up when they had hit the pole.Upon further questioning, the student admitted he was awake in the vehicle at the time of the incident.The student said that his friend wanted to drive the vehicle because his friend had told him that he could drive a stick shift. Officers called the student's parents, who own the vehicle, to notify them of theincident. Campus Life was notified.On Nov. 12 at 2:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an individual intoxicated at 13 Eagle Row,the Xi Kappa house. Officers arrived on scene and found an 18-year-old Emory student lyingunconscious but breathing on the basement floor. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and American Medical Response (AMR) also responded to provide medical attention to the student. A friend of the student said that the student drank a little bit of alcohol earlier that night but was unsure of how much she drank at Xi Kappa. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). CampusLife was notified.