Bike Trail to Connect Clairmont Campus and Mason Mill ParkEMORY — Work commenced on a bike trail that will connect Emory's Clairmont Campus with MasonMill Park in Decatur, Ga., according to the PATH Foundation, an Atlanta-based nonprofit that develops public trails. Emory plans to financially contribute to the project, which is expected to be completed in2018, according to an Aug. 28 University press release. The 12-foot wide trail will run from the front gate of Clairmont Campus to the Mason Mill Tennis Center and will be part of the South Peachtree CreekTrail, which currently links Medlock Park to Mason Mill Park to North Druid Hills Road. The path is part of Emory's 2025 sustainability vision, which seeks to create an on-campus trail network that links to other trails in the metropolitan Atlanta area.Emory University Hospital Tower Welcomes First PatientsEMORY — The Emory University Hospital Tower on Clifton Road, under construction since 2013,opened to patients Aug. 26. The first patient to enter the facility, 46-year-old Crystal McCollum, wasdiagnosed with pseudomyxoma peritonei, a rare form of abdominal cancer, and is being treated withchemotherapy, according to an Aug. 30 University press release. The nine-story tower cost $400 millionand contains 232 patient beds. The new wing also includes an expansion of the hospital's diagnostic and treatment spaces, anesthesiology pre-operative services and radiology. The Tower is expected to open in its entirety by the end of October.Emory Provides Comcast T.V. Service for On-Campus ResidentsEMORY — Xfinity by Comcast became Emory's on-campus cable services Friday, according to an email sent to all students residing in on-campus housing. The XfinityOnCampus program, which went into effect Sept. 1, allows students living in on-campus housing to stream live television to their mobiledevices and laptops, and includes a 20-hour capacity for recording live television programs. The service also includes on-demand access to the content library of premium channels including HBO andShowtime.MARTA CEO Resigns, Joins Goodwill as CEOATLANTA — MARTA CEO and General Manager Keith Parker resigned Tuesday to explore moreservice opportunities. He plans to remain in Atlanta with his three children, according to the AtlantaJournal-Constitution. After nearly five years spearheading MARTA, Parker will join Goodwill of North Georgia as president and CEO. MARTA has not yet selected a replacement for Parker, and its board will likely announce an interim general manager this week, the AJC reported.Category 5 Hurricane Irma Could Affect Atlanta Next WeekATLANTA — Category 5 Hurricane Irma could bring Georgia heavy rains as early as Monday, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Irma is already carrying winds up to 185 mph, and Florida, PuertoRico and the U.S. Virgin Islands have declared states of emergency, the AJC reported. SavannahCollege of Art and Design (Ga.) announced it will push back the start of its semester by one week due to the storm and will not allow new students to move into their residence halls before Sept. 14.Emory Down 16 Spots in Higher Education World University RankingEMORY — Emory was ranked as the 98th best university in the world by the Times Higher EducationWorld University rankings for the 2017-2018 academic year. Emory fell 16 spots from last year'srankings, tying Dartmouth College (N.H.), the University of Warwick (England) and the Technical University of Berlin. The rankings included more than 1,000 universities across 77 countries. The Times Higher Education analyzed 13 performance indicators across five general categories: teaching,research, citations, international outlook and industry income. On a scale out of 100, Emory received an overall ranking of 60.7, 47.1 in teaching, 40.4 in research, 98.1 in citations, 42.3 in industry outcome and53.3 in international outlook.