Dean Committee Narrows Down FinalistsEMORY – The search advisory committee for the dean of Emory College of Arts and Sciences, cochaired by Oxford College Dean Douglas Hicks and Winship Distinguished Research Associate Professor in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science and Department of BiomedicalInformatics Li Xiong, has narrowed its pool to four finalists, according to an April 4 College-wide emailfrom University President Claire E. Sterk. The dean candidates will be interviewed April 7 in HarlandCinema in a search forum that students can attend, according to a April 4 College Council email.Atlanta Bridge CollapsesATLANTA – A major section of northbound I-85 collapsed Thursday after some one set fire to a chair under the bridge, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Basil Eleby, 39, was charged with first degree arson Saturday. Construction crews are working around the clock to rebuild the missing section,and the Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT) expects repairs to be completed by June 15,according to an April 4 GDOT press release. Commuters are facing increased vehicle and MetropolitanAtlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) traffic due to the I-85 closure. Emory sent out a March 30University-wide email following the collapse to advise employees to plan alternate routes ortelecommute, if possible.Holmes Wins $25K AwardEMORY – Caroline Holmes (17C) won the Lucius Lamar McMullan Award, a $25,000 award that recognizes "graduates who show extraordinary promise of becoming future leaders and rare potential for service to their community, nation and the world," according to Assistant Dean of UndergraduateEducation Jason Cjieka. Holmes will graduate with a Bachelor of Science in physics and biology, andintends to pursue a Ph.D. in theoretical physics. A Woodruff Research Scholar, Holmes has worked as an EPASS tutor for organic chemistry and physics, directed the Volunteer Emory program and played viola in the Emory Symphony Orchestra. Holmes did not respond to request for comment by press time.Concealed Carry Bill Moves Through LegislatureATLANTA – The Georgia State Legislature passed House Bill 280, which if signed by Gov. Nathan Deal,would allow students to carry a concealed fire arm on public college and university campuses, according to the AJC. Current Georgia law requires concealed carry permit holders to be at least 21 years old,undergo fingerprinting and pass a background check. The proposed law would not affect Emory'scampus because Emory is a private university. Deal may now sign or veto the bill. Last year, Dealvetoed a similar bill.Tornados Touch Down In GeorgiaATLANTA – Up to 20 tornadoes touched down across the state of Georgia Monday night, leavingthousands without power, the AJC reported. Tornadoes were worst in North Georgia. Tornadoescontinued Tuesday, and severe weather is expected to follow Wednesday through Monday, with high winds exceeding 60 miles per hour, tennis-ball sized hail and more tornadoes, according to the National Weather Service.