Carter Leases Lands to Solar Co.PLAINS, Ga. – Atlanta-based solar energy company SolAmerica Energy installed solar panels that currently provide power for 50 percent of the city of Plains on land leased to the company by former U.S.President Jimmy Carter, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. In 1979, Carter installed the first solar panels at the White House, which were subsequently removed by former U.S. President RonaldReagan when he took office, The AJC reported.Flynn Resigns Security PositionWASHINGTON, D.C. – Retired Gen. Michael Flynn resigned Monday from his position as national security adviser following a Washington Post report that disclosed that Flynn provided misleading information about his communications with Russian ambassador to the United States Sergey IvanovichKislyak, as well as about the possibility Russia might blackmail Flynn in the future. In his Feb. 13resignation letter, Flynn said he apologized to President Donald J. Trump and Vice President MikePence, and that they accepted his apology. House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz(R-Utah) said he would not pursue an investigation into Flynn's communications, according to TheGuardian. A Feb. 13 White House statement said that the administration replaced Flynn with retired Lt.Gen. Joseph K. Kellogg Jr. of the Army as acting national security adviser, according to The New YorkTimes.Buddhist Nuns to Attend EmoryEMORY – The first two Buddhist nuns to attend Emory will arrive Fall 2017 for two years as members of the fourth cohort of Tenzin Gyatso Science Scholars, according to Tsetan Dolkar, Emory-Tibet ScienceInitiative program director. Dolkar said the Emory-Tibet Science Initiative has developed sciencecurriculum and taught monastic students in India annually since 2008.Scientists Find Superbug DefenseEMORY – Emory scientists discovered a chemical that, when extracted from the red berries of a Brazilian peppertree, can defend against a deadly superbug, according to CBS News. Lead researcherand Emory Assistant Professor of Dermatology and Human Health Cassandra Quave said the research team injected rodents who had received berry extracts with MRSA bacteria. The rodents did not develop skin lesions, while the control group, which did not receive berry extract, did. Researchers said that the study could help combat drug-resistant bacteria CBS News reported. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) claimed that 2 million illnesses and 23,000 deaths occur in the United States each year due to antibiotic-resistant infections. Emory researchers said the discovery may change the way doctors treat antibiotic-resistant infections in humans, according to CBS News.