EMORY — Former Emory Professor of Epidemiology Kevin Sullivan was sentenced by a United States District Court to six-and-a-half years in prison March 1 for possession of child pornography, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Swiss law enforcement discovered a server hosting the images usinglogin information connected to the Emory University Rollins School of Public Health, according to the Georgia Attorney General's Office. Homeland Security Investigation agents, with cooperation from the Emory University Information Technology department, determined that the images were accessed usingEmory's Wi-Fi. Sullivan confessed in 2016 to the crime after a search of his work laptop and hard driverevealed more than 8,000 files containing child pornography.EMORY — Janiel Myers (18L) was named the first black editor-in-chief of Emory Law Journal. Myers iscurrently the Emory Black Law Students Association (BLSA) Academic and Professionalism Successchair, according to her LinkedIn. Myers plans to be a bankruptcy lawyer and law professor followinggraduation, according to the Emory News Center.EMORY — Emory alumna Kadiata Sy (15C) was named to the 2017-2018 class of Luce scholars, a national fellowship created by the Henry Luce Foundation and administered through the Asia Foundationdesigned to promote Asian-American relations. As a scholar, Sy will receive a stipend and language training to continue her studies and work experience, building on her bachelor's degree in Politics and Middle Eastern and South Asian Studies. Sy was one of four seniors to receive the Robert T. Jones Jr.Scholarship in 2015 and received a master's degree in Middle East, Caucasus and Central AsianSecurity Studies from St. Andrews University in December 2016.WASHINGTON, D.C. — F.B.I. Director James Comey confirmed that the agency is currentlyinvestigating whether members of U.S. President Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election, according to The New York Times. Comey testified before the House Intelligence Committee March 20 with Director of the National Security Agency Michael Rogers in the first public acknowledgement that an investigation of the Trump campaign's Russia connections isunderway. Trump responded on Twitter, stating Comey's announcement was politically motivated and that connections between Russia and his campaign were fabricated by the Democratic Party to account for their "electoral failure."EMORY — Carol Anderson, Emory Charles Howard Candler professor of African American Studies,won the National Book Critics Circle (NBCC) award for criticism, according to NBCC. Anderson's book,White Rage: The Unspoken Truth of Our Nation's Divide, was both a New York Times (NYT) bestsellerand a NYT editor's pick for Summer 2016. "[White Rage] is an extraordinarily timely and urgent call to confront the legacy of structural racism bequeathed by white anger and resentment, and to show its continuing threat to the promise of American democracy," the NY T review read.