On Jan. 9 at noon, Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a fire alarm at Cox Hall. A worker reported that he observed thick, white smoke coming from the elevators in the food preparation area at11:51 a.m. Another employee extinguished the fire before EPD and De Kalb County Fire Rescue arrived on the scene. Officers concluded that the fire started due to unattended Sterno cans on a wheeled foodcabinet. No damage was reported.On Jan. 10 at 8:11 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at the Emory School ofMedicine. Officers met with a staff member who reported that a chair outside of the building near the fountain was broken and irreparable. It is valued at $371.25. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 11 at 1:37 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the O. Wayne Rollins Research Center and met with an Emory employee who reported that someone unaffiliated with Emory told her that he was receiving suspicious emails from an email address that appeared to be her Emory email, asking him to transfer funds into an account. The colleague did not transfer any money to the account. An Emoryinformation security specialist was notified and began an investigation. The case has also been assigned to an EPD investigator.On Jan. 12 at 5:23 p.m., EPD responded to an animal complaint regarding a pit bull that bit a an American Eskimo dog and its owner in Lullwater Park near Candler Lake. The complainant, the pit bull'sowner, said his pit bull had escaped from its collar and started fighting with the Eskimo that was being walked nearby. The Eskimo's owner reported the pit bull bit her right hand and her dog's back. The pitbull's owner said when he tried to stop the dog fight, the American Eskimo bit his right hand, inflictingmultiple lacerations. DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) was already on the scene when EPDofficers arrived. EPD placed the pit bull in the back of the EPD car to prevent further aggression. The pit bull owner recently adopted the dog from a shelter. The injured complainant refused transport to Emory University Hospital (EUH). DeKalb County Animal Services also responded and took the pit bull toanimal control.On Jan. 13 at 9:25 p.m., EPD responded to call from a student regarding a theft of his backpack. The student said he left it in the Dobbs University Center (DUC) Jan. 12 around 7 p.m., but he could not find it when he returned Jan. 13 at 3 p.m. The bag contained a MacBook Pro and graphing calculator, valued at$1,380 total. The case has been assigned to an investigator On Jan. 14 at 1:37 p.m., EPD responded to call regarding a theft. An Emory student reported that she left her Illinois ID in another student's car between late November 2016 and early December 2016. When the complainant texted and called the student to ask her to return it, the student ignored her. She believes her ID was used to purchase alcohol for a party. The two students are no longer in contact with eachother. The case has been assigned to an investigator.