Emory's anticipated annexation into Atlanta means that Emory will likely be under the jurisdiction of the winner of the Nov. 7 mayoral election. Though a December run off between City Council woman KeishaLance Bottoms and City Council woman Mary Norwood (74C) is almost certain, it won't be clear which two candidates make it on the ballot until Nov. 7. The latest poll places Bottoms in the lead at 25.4percent, followed closely by Norwood, who's led in the polls for the majority of the campaign and now trails Bottoms at 23.4 percent in the latest poll. Peter Aman, a businessman and Atlanta's former chieforganizing officer, stands in third at 12 percent, while Bernie Sanders-backed Vincent Fort, the Democratic whip in the Georgia State Senate, polls in fifth place. Of these candidates, Bottoms isAtlanta's best choice: She is most prepared to move both Atlanta and Emory forward, in terms of economic growth and social justice.Atlanta's economy has boomed during the current Reed administration, becoming a city on the "sunnyside of the American economy," according to The New York Times, as evinced by development along the Belt Line and Porsche's move to Atlanta in 2015. Mayor Kasim Reed endorsed Bottoms, whoseproposed expansion of a student training program in film and technology would extend that prosperity,and who is the safest candidate to preserve a positive status quo of economic growth. The program would prepare grade school and college students for careers in the technology sector and Atlanta'sgrowing film industry, which contributed an estimated $9.5 billion to the state's economy in fiscal year2017. Additionally, Bottoms pledges that jobs resulting from public investment, such as public housingdevelopment, will "pay a living wage," distributing economic power to Atlanta's working class. WhileAman also pledges to work to boost Atlanta's economy, Bottoms' economic plan is the most developed.Aman's desire to attract venture capital to Atlanta is paired with a desire to address income inequality,but his platform lacks the specificity of Bottoms' platform. Like Aman's, Norwood's platform is lacking but an interview with WABE revealed that her plan for development would begin with putting abandonedbuildings back into use. Though Norwood said that this would benefit low-income communities, it is unclear how Norwood would accomplish that goal. Unlike the other candidates, Fort's economic platformfocuses entirely on distributive justice, but most significantly, he lacks a plan to continue the overall growth seen under Reed.Aman, Bottoms and Norwood all support Emory's annexation into Atlanta. Fort, however, accusedEmory of being "elitist" and "jumping in line." What this would mean for Emory under a Fort mayorship isunclear, but annexation supporters should consider his opposition on their way to the ballot box.When it comes to education, Bottoms rises above the pack. She has proposed a budgetary increase for technical and film programs to equip students with the STEM skills necessary to sustain Atlanta'sgrowing economy. Her platform outlines practicable means to pay for those courses by setting up achildren's savings account program with a $250,000 initial investment, about $50 per child in Atlanta Public Schools (APS), which would mature over time. Bottoms' emphasis on education to maintain economic growth sets her apart from candidates like Norwood and Aman, who both fail to articulate an opinion on education consistent with economic integration on their respective websites. In fact, Norwooddoes not mention education in her platform at all. That being said, A man still has the second most comprehensive education platform. His educational proposals also include the importance of STEMeducation; furthermore, he calls for better coordination between APS and nonprofit organizations to fund public libraries and provide students with free tutoring services. None of Aman's proposed policies,however, go so far as to establish the scholarship funds Bottoms has proposed. Meanwhile, Fort'seducational proposals support the preservation of Atlanta schools as non-private entities. His criticism offor-profit charter schools is consistent with his platform of increased economic equality. Fort alsohighlights the need for schools to be fully-functioning family services by providing free tutoring, multiplemeals daily and day care services. He, however, does not detail a plan to pay for his rather large andhard-to-manage platform on education. Without careful budgeting for educational proposals, Fort leavessignificant room for error: It is unlikely that policies without careful planning will materialize, leaving Fort'splans an unsubstantiated vision.Since 2013, the Atlanta Police Department (APD) has lost at least 100 police officers every year. Thefluctuating officer count hit a peak of 2,000 in 2013 after a low of 1,300 in 2009, but the police union said that it rests around 1,400. Most candidates agree that stabilizing officer retention is a public safety issue,even though Atlanta's crime rates show a consistent downward trend. Norwood and A man go the furthest on this issue, as both propose increases to police officer pay as a means of retention, but there is little evidence that a pay raise would solve public safety, as Norwood already led Atlanta City Council to increase officer salaries in 2015 without solving the retention rates issue. Unsurprisingly, Norwood hasearned the endorsements of Atlanta's police unions. Bottoms' approach is different: She wants to address officer retention through a "smart recruiting and retention" strategy. In a questionnaire sent to candidates by Committee for a Better Atlanta, a nonpartisan business coalition, Bottoms said that her strategy would include "the expansion of our police force and the completion of our camera integrationsystem… [and] expand housing for our officers within the city." Meanwhile, Fort has proposed reforms such as restricting no knock warrants. However, his approach to law enforcement has been adversarial,rather than cooperating with APD, reducing his chances of a successful reform and election.A Bottoms mayorship would best continue Atlanta's progress. Although Fort may promise to upholdAtlanta's progressive tradition, his views are too far left to form a governing coalition in a largelyconservative state. Conversely, Norwood is too conservative a candidate for Atlanta. She has, forexample, prioritized police raises over establishing a clear educational platform. Though A man has similar policies to Bottoms, his lack of policy specificity makes him less likely to succeed inimplementing those policies. Bottoms' election would preserve political and economic stability and spur educational development in addition to police reform, rendering her vision the best for Atlanta's future. Weurge eligible voters to cast their ballots for Keisha Lance Bottoms, not only because her proposed policies would benefit Atlantans and Emory students alike, but also because her time on City Council and endorsement from Reed prove that she has the experience and drive to turn her campaign promises intoprogress.The above Editorial represents the consensus opinion of the Wheel's editorial board.The editorial board is composed of Nora Elmubarak, Jennifer Katz, Andrew Kliewer, Madeline Lutwyche,Isabeth Mendoza, Boris Niyonzima, Shreya Pabbaraju, Isaiah Sirois and Mathew Sperling.