On Feb. 27 at 2:40 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received an anonymous stalking report fromWanda Swan, director of the Respect Program. The report stated that a female Emory student had been stalked from Jan. 10, 2016 to May 9, 2016. She was in a relationship with a male Emory student, who became increasingly angry and reportedly slapped and choked her at an undisclosed off-campuslocation. He later harassed her in public locations on campus, ignoring her request to be left alone. Shereported the case to the Respect Program, which disclosed the information to EPD for statisticalpurposes.On Feb. 27 at 2:53 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a suspicious phone call. An Emory student reported that an individual with a slight accent called her and stated that he was from the Georgia Bureauof Investigation. He told her that she had to pay $7,500 for not filling out a tax form. When she reportedlyasked the caller to send the information in writing, he began yelling at her and threatened to send a police officer to arrest her. He then ended the call. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 28 at 4:27 p.m., EPD responded to a fire on Clifton Road. DeKalb County Fire and Rescue were already on the scene when officers arrived. A First Transit Emory Freightliner bus was engulfed in flames when EPD arrived on the scene. The bus driver reported that she heard a strange noise after she turned left on to Clifton Road. The bus slowed down, and then shut off. She noticed the vehicle begin to smoke from under the hood, and she exited the bus and saw the fire. There were no passengers on thebus, and no one was injured.On March 1 at 5 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from the Woodruff P.E. Center. AUniversity staff member said that she left items in an unlocked locker in the women's faculty and staff locker room Feb. 3 at 4 p.m., but could not find them upon her return March 1 at 3 p.m. She checked the lost and found but could not find her belongings. The items included clothing, gym equipment and an Apple iPod shuffle. The items are valued at $800 total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 2 at 6:12 p.m., EPD responded to call regarding the use of narcotics in Lullwater Park. ThreeEmory students said they each took LSD pills around 4 p.m. The students had obtained the pills fromanother Emory student. A Children's Hospital of Atlanta employee and an Emory student directed EPD to two Emory students near the back pond. The two students were conscious and alert, and one student appeared detached and agitated. The student who had directed EPD to the other two students appearedstressed and agitated, and said he was fearful of the "bad trip" he was experiencing. He told officers that he had gotten separated from the other two students while they were in the woods. The student who appeared detached and agitated told officers he felt like he was experiencing a drug overdose. EmoryEmergency Medical Services (EEMS), DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) and DeKalb County Fire Rescue Engine responded to the scene. DeKalb AMR transported the students to Emory University Hospital for additional treatment. The case has been assigned to an investigator. Campus Life wasnotified.On March 3 at 9:13 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an Emory shuttle bus hitting a fire hydrant.The bus driver reportedly parked outside White Hall to use the restroom. The driver said he had not turned the steering wheel toward the curve, and while he was walking into White Hall, he saw the busjump the curve, roll down the hill into the bushes and hit the fire hydrant. No passengers were on the bus.Eight bushes and a No Parking sign were damaged. The fire hydrant's paint was chipped, and thedriver's side of the bus received minor scratches and dents. First Transit Safety Manager ThomasAbrams and representatives from Facilities Management and Emory's Pipe Shop arrived on the scene.