On Sept. 28, Emory Police Department (EPD) received a call from Quinnipiac University PoliceDepartment, in Hamden, Conn., regarding a letter received by the Quinnipiac admissions office. Theadmissions office had reportedly received a letter addressed to the main university address without a listed recipient. The office opened the letter and discovered it contained two fraudulent driver's licenses,in the name of a Quinnipiac student. Along with the IDs was a note that read, "have fun homo, you owe me $73 dollars." The postmark and return address on the letter led officials at Quinnipiac to determine that an Emory University student sent the letter. A Quinnipiac police sergeant said that he would investigate and provide EPD with more information when it became available. The sergeant said he believes the Emory student exchanged the fraudulent driver's licenses for money. This case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 2 at 9:12 a.m. EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at Fishburne Parking Deck.Officers spoke with two parking employees who reported witnessing two males looking into vehicles.While walking from the second to the third level of the parking deck, one officer observed two subjects lying down to conceal their presence in the front seats of a 1996 Geo Prizm vehicle. The officer radioedthe information to dispatch and requested additional units to respond. The officer drew his weapon, but both subjects ignored verbal commands, opened the doors and fled, jumping over a railing in the parkingdeck to the level below. Officers detained and arrested one individual, Xavier Quinn Thompson, who had a black saddle bag full of sunglasses and several cell phones on his person. One cell phone had a GPStracking system activated. Officers retraced steps from the cell phone GPS system and located a gun, amagazine, pry tools and screwdrivers. The owner of the vehicle is an Emory employee, who said that the ignition switch was damaged and that the car could not be started. The second individual, Anxavier T.Buchanan, was also found and arrested. Both individuals were charged with entering an auto, criminaltrespassing, willful obstruction of law enforcement officers (misdemeanor), possession of tools for the commission of crime and criminal damage to property. Thompson was also charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and possession of fire arm or knife during attempt to commit certaincrimes. The individuals have no known affiliation with Emory. Later that day, a second Universityemployee contacted EPD and reported witnessing suspicious activity in the Fishburne Parking Deckaround 9 a.m. She reported seeing one male tamper with the dashboard of a car while the other waited by the stairwell. The individual who witnessed the incident said that she asked the man in the stairwellwhat the other person was doing, and he responded that his "friend was working on the alternator" of thevehicle. She believed the man was actually trying to steal the car. Officers found the owner of the car inquestion, and when called to the scene, he could not start the vehicle due to damage to the ignitionswitch.On Oct. 3 at 6:25 p.m., EPD spoke with a student in Tarbutton Hall via telephone regarding stalking.Officers met with an Emory student who said he had been communicating with another individual, who is not an Emory student and has lived out of state for the past month. The subject repeatedly contacted thestudent via Snapchat and telephone despite the student's requests to stop. The student felt threatenedbecause the subject said that he was going to find him on campus and visit his apartment. The student felt the threat was credible because the subject acquired the student's phone number on his own and may have also found a campus address. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 4 at 10:31 a.m., EPD responded to an anonymous call regarding property damage in LullwaterPreserve. Officers arrived on the scene and found a damaged emergency call box on the south side of Candler Lake. The call box was on the ground next to the pole on which it was originally mounted. The exact time of the damage is unknown. The total damage is estimated to be $400. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 4 at 7:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft from the Rollins School of PublicHealth. Officers arrived on the scene and spoke with a student who reported her black, gray and yellowTrek bike missing from a rack near the loading dock of the building. She had secured the bike to the rack using a U-lock but found both the bike and lock missing. She reported the theft happened between Sept.2 at 3 p.m. and Sept. 4 at 6:45 p.m. The items were valued at a total of $420. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 5 at 3:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a fire alarm on the Candler School of Theology third floor. Officers arrived on the scene and met with De Kalb County firefighters and Assistant Dean of Student Life and Spiritual Formation Ellen Purdum, who reported smoke coming from the facultylounge, room 359. The sprinkler system in the building was activated, and upon entering the building,officers noticed smoke coming from the staff lounge on the third floor. Officers met with FacilitiesManagement, who reported using fire extinguishers to put out the fire. Facilities Management reported the cause of the fire to be a toaster oven. Yellow caution tape was put up around the building.On Oct. 6 at 3:06 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at the UniversityResidential Center Building A at Clairmont Campus. Officers arrived on the scene and met with an Emory student who reported he may have had too much to drink. He said he had drunk two shots of whiskey and 2.5 margaritas at Sotolero Comida Mexicana, a restaurant in Decatur, Ga. Officers also spoke with the Resident Advisor (RA) on call, who called EPD. The RA said that the subject's roommatehad contacted him and reported that the subject was vomiting for more than an hour before EPD arrived.American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene, but the student refused medical attention.Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 7 at 1:10 pm., EPD responded to a call regarding a fire alarm at the Student Activity andAcademic Center (SAAC) at Clairmont Campus. Officers arrived on the scene and met with twoindividuals, both visitors to the University. They said that they were playing ping pong when one of them fell against the fire alarm, triggering the alarm. Facilities Management also arrived on the scene and reset the alarm. DeKalb County Fire Rescue Department was notified of the accident before arriving.