Emory Loses Motion to Dismiss Retirement LawsuitEMORY — Emory lost a motion to dismiss a lawsuit May 10, filed by former and current EmoryUniversity and Emory Healthcare employees, that claims the University has breached its fiduciaryresponsibilities for its employees by offering poor retirement investment options, according to BloombergBNA. Emory is one of 12 universities sued for retirement plans and is the first to face a court ruling. U.S.District Court Judge Charles A. Pannell Jr. accepted the majority of the lawsuits' claims but rejected the idea that offering too many options can "hurt" the plans' participants. "Emory University is pleased that some claims in this case were dismissed; we anticipate continuing to vigorously represent our position as the legal process continues," Associate Vice President of Media Relations Nancy Seideman wrote in a May 15 statement to the Wheel. "Through our retirement programs, we offer access to a range of investment options to provide flexibility in meeting individual needs and retirement goals. We … operateour retirement programs in accord with federal law."Emory to Match Undocumented Students' NeedEMORY — Under a new financial aid program beginning Fall 2017, Emory will fully match allundocumented students' demonstrated financial aid need with non-governmental loans or grants,according to the Office of Financial Aid website. "A select group of international students each year"receive need-based financial aid, according to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions. Emory is not providing free tuition to undocumented students and the University follows all financial aid laws,Associate Vice President of Media Relations Nancy Seideman wrote in a May 15 statement to theWheel. She added that no state or federal funds are used for the program. Some conservative newsoutlets, including Breitbart, criticized the new program for not considering international students.Winship Cancer Institute Receives 'Comprehensive Cancer Center' StatusEMORY — The Winship Cancer Institute earned the "comprehensive cancer center" status from the National Cancer Institute (NCI), according to a May 15 press release. There are more than 1,500 cancercenters in the United States — 47 have comprehensive cancer center status and Winship is the only one in Georgia. According to the NCI, "comprehensive cancer centers demonstrate an added depth and breadth of research, as well as substantial transdisciplinary research that bridges these scientific areas."Students Plant Tree in Memory of David KimEMORY — Friends of David Kim (17C), an Emory student who died last October, worked with three student organizations, Associate Director of Academic Advising in the Office for UndergraduateEducation Frank Gaertner and Campus Services to plant a Korean dogwood tree adjacent to CannonChapel to commemorate his life. Student organizations Korean Undergraduate Student Organization(KUSA), Chinese Undergraduate Student Association (CUSA) and Code Zero raised "a little over$1,000," according to Henry Hong (17C). The tree planting ceremony was held April 24. Students spent$510 on the tree, and the rest of the money will go to Kim's parents to help fund his younger sister'scollege education, Hong said.Oxford College Names Hossain-Kabir RoomOXFORD, Ga. — A room in Candler Hall on the Oxford College campus was named "Hossain-KabirRoom" in memory of Faraaz Hossain (15OX) and Abinta Kabir (17OX), who died in the Dhaka,Bangladesh, terrorist attack last July. A ceremony unveiling the 2017 sophomore class gift was held March 29 outside Candler Hall, according to the Oxford College website.Trump Visits AtlantaATLANTA — President Donald J. Trump reaffirmed his alliance with the National Rifle Association(NRA) in a pro-Second Amendment, anti-media speech in Atlanta April 28. Trump, the first president to speak at an NRA convention since Ronald Reagan, also pitched Republican Georgia District 6congressional candidate Karen Handel to the crowd and attacked her Democratic opponent, Jon Ossoff."She's totally for the NRA, and she's totally for the Second Amendment," he said. The president also revived his derogatory nickname for Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) while speaking about potentialDemocratic presidential candidates in 2020. "It may be Pocahontas," he said.Clinton Speaks at Law GalaEMORY — Former President Bill Clinton spoke April 29 at Emory's School of Law's Centennial Gala,which was relocated from the St. Regis in Atlanta to the Woodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC). Clinton urged the audience to fight "alternative facts" and develop "alternative arguments" instead, saying that the United States must "recover [its] balance." Although the event had originally been booked at the St.Regis about a year ago, Clinton did not confirm his attendance until April 3, 2017, according to SusanClark, associate dean for marketing and communications at the School of Law. The St. Regis venue'smaximum capacity is around 600 people, so the event was moved to accommodate more attendees.Approximately 1,200 Emory community members attended the gala, Clark said. Former U.S. senatorand alumnus Sam Nunn (62L) was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award.