On Jan. 26 at 11:54 a.m., an Emory Police Department (EPD) officer observed property damage at a blue light emergency phone on Means Drive near the Emory School of Medicine. A piece of paper with profane writing was attached to the post with a hardened substance, covering the phone's identificationnumber. Facilities Management removed the paper. A Facilities Management staff member said more than 15 similar incidents occurred at other blue light phones around campus this past semester. The case has been assigned to a detective. Campus Life was notified.On Jan. 27 at 10:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center(DUC). An Emory student reported a package missing. He said he picked up the package Jan. 13 fromthe DUC Mail Center, went to the dining area to eat and accidentally left the package there. When he returned Jan. 14, the package was gone. The package was unopened and contained Nike shoes valued at $200. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Jan. 27 at 12:15 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Michael C. Carlos Museum.EPD filed the report for the incident as a forgery in the first degree, suggesting that an item was taken and replaced with a forgery. The Official Code of Georgia Annotated (OCGA) 16-9-1 defines that offense as "making, altering or possessing fictitious writing without authority and with intent to defraud." PriyankaSinha, director of Communications and Marketing at Carlos Museum, said she was unaware of a forgery at the museum. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Jan. 27 at 2:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding the breaking and entering of an automobile at the Lower gate Visitor Deck. The subject, a visitor, said he parked his white 2015 Volkswagen Jetta onlevel F of the deck around 8:12 a.m., but when he returned to his vehicle at 2:40 p.m. the driver's siderear window was shattered and two back packs were missing. The L.L.Bean and Ful backpackscontained a MacBook Pro, clothing, medicine, toiletries and a passport. The backpacks and MacBookare valued at $1,360 total. The case has been assigned to a detective.On Jan. 29 at 1:14am, an EPD officer patrolling Eagle Row noticed three men standing over an intoxicated individual lying by a bush near Raoul Hall at the intersection of Asbury Circle and Eagle Row.The officer spoke with the subjects, who said they were visiting from Vanderbilt University (Tenn.).Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and De Kalb County American Medical Response (AMR)also responded. DeKalb County AMR transported the intoxicated individual to Emory University Hospital(EUH).On Jan. 29 at 9:28 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Computing Center at Cox Hall.The victim, an Emory student, reported his iPhone 5 missing from the printer-area charging dock. He left his phone to charge at 5:45 p.m. When he returned at 8:30 p.m., the phone was gone. The phone is valued at $100. The case has been assigned to a detective.