On April 3 at 12:36 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft in the Mathematics and Science Center. Officers spoke with an Emory student who said she left a greenbackpack and blue camera bag outside room W307C around 12:30 p.m. to go to the bathroom. Whenshe returned, the bags were missing. The back pack contained an Apple MacBook Pro and textbooks.The camera bag contained a Canon Rebel XSI camera and a zoom lens. The items are valued at $3,250total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 5 at 1:09 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a non-forcible entry burglary on the first floor of Alabama Hall. An Emory student told officers that some one broke into his room and stole a denimjacket and two shirts. The clothing items, from "END," are valued at $1,180 total. The student reported that one of his shirts went missing three weeks ago, but he assumed that he had misplaced it. When hecouldn't find the denim jacket and another shirt, he called EPD. The student does not have a roommate and said he leaves his door unlocked. Campus Life was notified. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On April 5 at 8:35 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from the first floor of White Hall.Officers met with an Emory student, who reported her lap top missing from room 110. She left the room April 4 around 11:45 p.m., but did not realize she had left her lap top in White Hall until April 5 at 8 a.m.The laptop, a 13-inch MacBook Pro, is valued at $1,500. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 7 at 11:53 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at the Zeta Beta Tau (ZBT)fraternity house, located at 8 Eagle Row. A facilities employee reported several broken windows on the west side of the house at 9:53 a.m. Officers spoke with ZBT brothers, who reported hearing glassbreaking around 4 a.m. One brother recorded a video of two unknown males standing on the porch of 10Eagle Row, the Pi Kappa Alpha (PiKE) fraternity house, yelling obscenities and flipping ZBT off. AnotherZBT brother recorded a video of two unspecified individuals throwing bottles at the ZBT house. Officersobtained copies of the two videos. The damage to the windows was valued at less than $500. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 9 at 8:24 p.m., EPD responded to a call at Clairmont Campus Building E in reference to suspicious activity. Two Resident Advisers (RA) reported smelling a strong odor of marijuana coming from a room in Building E while conducting safety inspections. The R As did not see any drugs or drugparaphernalia in the room. When the EPD officer arrived on the scene, they knocked on the door but no one answered, and the officer did not smell anything suspicious.