With the Spring semester reaching its halfway point, one of the most hyped sources of excitement isimminent: Spring Break. From relaxing visits home to the "plan to visit Cancun" that always inevitablyfails, Emory's student body is going to have a lot of different experiences within the first part of March.With some advice from your good friend Doolino, hopefully you will be able to maximize the fun from your week off of school.Dear Doolino,I am staying at Emory for Spring Break because I cannot afford a ticket back home. I was here for Thanksgiving and it was awful! There is no D.U.C. and therefore no hope. What on Earth can I do this break in order to survive? How do I stop myself from going mad?From Spring BreakdownDear Spring Breakdown,Your problem is one that unfortunately is not properly addressed by any sort of authority here at Emory.Your first issue is the lack of food since the D.U.C. is closed. In the early days of the holiday, you maybe tempted to walk to nearby eateries at Emory Point or maybe a little deeper into Decatur. Since it simply is not financially beneficial nor practical to walk to a different restaurant three times a day, you would be wise to perhaps buy a single large portion at the beginning of the day that should hopefully last you multiple meals. Additionally, if you go to a couple of restaurants in the morning or afternoon and buy a lot of food from a few different restaurants, you not only save a bit of cash, but get a variety of foods to choose from for the next couple of days.Honestly speaking, I would even consider cooking a bit. Buying ingredients in bulk is infinitely cheaper than a $11 sandwich at Which Wich. If you are not really into cooking, even simple things like macaroni and cheese (which is undebatably delicious) are so much more inexpensive than any other alternative.It may be a rough few days, but as long as you don't fall victim to an expensive Postmates addiction and have at least a modicum of intelligence when dealing with your expenses, hopefully you can live through the break without too much of a dent to your wallet.From DoolinoDear Doolino,The people from my Health 100 class decided to plan a Spring Break trip. At the moment, we don't really know where we want to go. On one hand, some of us want to head out to California but on the otherhand, some of us want to spend less money and go camping at Stone Mountain right here in Atlanta.What do you recommend we do?From Stoner MountainDear Stoner Mountain,Given your penname, it would appear that you were not listening in your Health 100 class.Try looking at scenic places in the South. If the Cali group really wants the beach, then renting out anAirBnb at Daytona Beach (Fla.) is surprisingly reasonable (at least relative to California). Myrtle Beach(S.C.) is a small shore town within driving distance of Atlanta that you could consider as well.Personally, I would rather be in a cheap place with my close (Health 100) friends than in a lavish place with just a couple others. At the end of the day, the company makes the holiday fun, not the place.Dear Doolino,My suitemates and I are planning a trip to Cancun. We were going to grab a few beers and unwind on thebeach, maybe even talk to some girls during some parties. Maybe even bring one of them home, heck, Iwouldn't even rule out a little trip to see the sunset on a particularly warm and windy afternoon as we sitdown and laugh, her beautiful blue eyes shining so radiantly in the twilight as I blast some soulfulKendrick Lamar in the background. I wouldn't even be completely against the idea of taking one of them back to Atlanta, living together and the like, and he y even settling down and getting married one day.Three kids, a golden retriever, perhaps a medium- to large-sized house in a Mercer County (N.J.), theperfect commuting distance from both my job as a banker in New York and her job as a vet, I can definitely see all of this as a possibility after Spring Break.What do you think?From King CanKuntaDear King CanKunta,In my lifetime I have seen some pretty weird questions. This one, however, is by far the strangest.Sincerely,Doolino