On Feb. 8 at 1:06 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Emory University Barnes and Noble. Officers met with the assistant store manager, Heather LaFleur,who reported that a Caucasian male of medium build took a psychology textbook from the store at 12:23p.m. The text book is valued at $253. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 9 at 5:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft at the Dobbs University Center (DUC).An Emory student reported his back pack stolen from the first-tier dining area. He said he arrived at the DUC at 4 p.m., placed his bag on a table and left to get food. When he returned 10 minutes later, his bag was gone. His black North Face bag contained a MacBook, a TI-83 graphing calculator and a TINSPIRE calculator, valued at $1,270 total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 10 at 12:55 a.m., EPD officers found a person sleeping in a Lowergate South Parking Deckstaircase. Officers spoke with the subject, who said he was homeless and had recently traveled with a truck driver from Tennessee to Georgia. Officers took a 13-inch machete from the subject, which he said he kept for protection. EPD drove him to a Waffle House on DeKalb Industrial Way. Officers placed the machete in an evidence locker at the EPD station.On Feb. 10 at 2:38 p.m., EPD responded to a call at Longstreet-Means Hall regarding a theft. Officersmet with a student who reported losing her Emory ID card on the Woodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC)fourth floor between 9 and 10 p.m. Feb. 7. After the student noticed that the card was gone, she checked with a staff member at the fourth floor desk, but the card was not at the desk. She later received an email that said her card was at the WoodPEC, but when she went to retrieve it at the equipment room desk, a staff member told her that no one had turned it in. On Feb. 9 at noon she obtained a new Emory ID card and discovered that some one purchased $20.50 worth of items from a WoodPEC vending machine. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 10 at 11:58 p.m., EPD responded to call at Dobbs Hall regarding a heavily intoxicated student.Officers met with a Sophomore Advisor (SA) who called after finding a student, an 18-year-old male,unresponsive in his room. EPD noticed vomit on the student's shirt and bed, as well the odor of alcohol.Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) alsoarrived on the scene. AMR transported the student to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Lifewas notified.