And as the sun has soared high in the sky, it now descends and reaches its cool conclusion in this final stretch of the semester. The semester has forced the student body to adapt and evolve, as currentseniors slowly but surely start their integrations into the adult world and new freshmen recalibrate theirwork ethics to match a college lifestyle. But like a cake in an oven after an extended period of exposure to a harsh environment, once runny batter becomes a solid layered product far better than its primitiveform. As final exams and papers crush souls and break morale, keep in mind that from the ashes you will rise, stronger than you were before. Probably.Dear Doolino,My name is John Wise, and I am currently a junior at the Goizueta Business School at EmoryUniversity, where I am concentrating in finance and consulting. The Goizueta Business School is a top20 undergraduate business school, and I have made full use of its prestige by taking a plethora ofexhilarating classes such as corporate finance.I am writing to you today because I would like to see if you have any openings available for a summer finance intern. I am armed with a boat load of experience due to my role as the director of ClubroomHygiene for the Goizueta Meteorology Club, for which I single-handedly lead a team of two people to maintain the company cleanliness in order to boost morale and thus productivity. My role contributed to a2.4 percent increase in profits between the Spring and Fall semesters of this past academic year.Additionally, I was awarded the "Best Director of Club room Hygiene for the Goizueta Meteorology ClubAward," a coveted prize awarded to just one director of Club room Hygiene whenever the president remembers to put it in his car in the morning. I believe this award speaks volumes for my drive and determination to do a good job, and it is for this reason that I request you read my application carefully.Sincerely,John WiseGoizueta Business School, Class of 2019(248) 434-5508Dear Mr. Wise,Thank you so much for taking the time to apply for the Finance Intern Summer 2018 opportunity and for pursuing Doolino as a next step in your career. With an applicant pool reaching an all-time high of oneperson, we have unfortunately decided to not move forward with your application.We appreciate your interest, and we wish you all the best!From DoolinoPS: I take it Goldman Sachs said no and late-winter desperation is kicking in.Dear Doolino,I have a severe heart condition, but cannot get the medical support I need.It all started in Havana, Cuba. I was at an underground casino at a high-rollers table when a bill ionairedecided to go all-in. Calling what I suspected to be a bluff, I went all-in and agreed that if I lost I would give the winner "anything they wanted."This proved to be a near-fatal mistake. The billionaire won the round and requested my left atrium and leftventricle, referring to those critical components of my heart as "adequate trophies." He flew me back to Atlanta post-op on his private jet, since I was too physically weak to board a commercial flight.Doolino, help me. Half of my heart is in Havana, and he took me back to East Atlanta.I told some doctors, but instead of seriously considering my plight, they started humming along to my account of what happened. Suddenly, my recording studio appeared at the scene and recorded my description of my ailment, and now I'm No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.How can I get my condition treated seriously?Sincerely,Camila CabelloDear Camila,This is the absurd content that I crave so dearly.They say that you need to give your heart and soul in order to be a successful musician, so consider yourself half way there and be happy with your circumstance. Otherwise, I would first address what is a rather serious gambling issue before seeking further medical help.From Doolino