On Aug. 28 at 9:55 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding propertydamage at the Atwood Chemistry Center. Officers arrived on scene and met with the facilities manager,who reported damage to three chairs in conference room 330. Officers examined the chairs and noticed two seat cushions with a single cut on top and a third with several criss cross cuts in the fabric. Thedamage is believed to have occurred between Aug. 24 at 7 p.m. and Aug. 25 at 9 a.m. The employee said the room usually remains unlocked for students and faculty to use. This case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 2 at 1:45 a.m., an EPD officer patrolling Eagle Row near Means Drive observed a male subjectapproach a tree and begin to urinate. The subject was not concealed and could be seen from theroadway. The officer approached the subject, who immediately zipped up his pants and apologized. Theofficer issued the 19-year-old student a citation for De Kalb County Ordinance 16-51, public urination. The subject is scheduled to appear in DeKalb County Magistrate Court Nov. 17.On Sept. 2 at 3:04 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual in a third floor loungeof Harris Hall. Officers found the subject, a 19-year-old female Emory student, lying on a couch unconscious but still breathing. Neither of the other two students present knew how much alcohol she had consumed that evening or where she had consumed it. American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH).On Sept. 3 at 1:29 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft at the Student Activity andAcademic Center (SAAC) on Clairmont Campus. Officers met with the victim, a 22-year-old Emorystudent, who reported securing her bike to the rack outside the front of the SAAC with a cable lock Aug.22 at 8 p.m. When she returned Aug. 26 at 12 p.m., the bike and lock were missing. The bike, a blue700C Schwinn, is valued at $200. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 4 at 2:11 a.m., EPD responded to a call from Clairmont Tower regarding a simple battery. An officer arrived on the scene and met with the complainant, a female Emory student. The officer separated her from her boyfriend, another Emory student. The female student was crying and said she had a dispute with her boyfriend. The student had visited her boy friend at his apartment Sept. 3 at 5 a.m.to attempt to reconcile a disagreement they had a few days prior. Their conversation reportedlyescalated and when she denied cheating in their relationship, he became angry and told her to leave. Hethen reportedly picked her up by the shoulders and threw her down on the floor outside of the apartment,not allowing her to take her wallet or kitten. She told her boyfriend she would leave if he gave her thekitten, but he reportedly would not allow her to take the kitten and threatened to kill it. She told officers that they had both been drinking and that this was the third time she had reported her boyfriend fordomestic violence. She showed the officer a bruise on her right groin area and what appeared to be a scratch going across her stomach that she said she received from her boyfriend. The complainantchose not to press charges. Officers contacted individuals of Campus Life and the Emory RespectProgram, and representatives from both arrived on scene. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Sept. 4 at 8:04 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the on-call Residential Advisor (RA) regarding an altercation between roommates at Clairmont URC Building B. The RA did not specify if the altercation was verbal or physical. One of the room mates said another roommate, who was seen heading toward the SAAC, was drinking alcohol and possibly taking Xanax. One of the room mates called her and told her to return to her room. At 10:18 p.m., AMR responded to the location, but the subject declinedtransportation to the hospital. The on-call Campus Life professional responded to discuss alternativehousing arrangements among the roommates. They all declined to be temporarily relocated for theevening. Campus Life was notified.