Some stories contain such spirit and joy for life that they make us wish their characters were real; othersencompass suffering and pain that we would not wish on anyone.Holden On, written and directed by Tamlin Hall, contains both, and what makes it even more special andsaddening is that it is based on a true story. The film focuses on a teenager, Holden Layfield (MattFahey), who has a mental illness and ultimately takes his own life at the age of 19.Holden On premiered this past week end at the Atlanta Film Festival, and the journey to its debut hasspanned the past decade. For both Hall and Fahey, the project was first and foremost about honoringLayfield and his family. Hall was friends with Layfield in high school, and years after Layfield's 1995death, Hall felt Layfield's story needed to be told. He contacted Layfield's parents, who gave their blessing for the film.Layfield's parents' encouragement was echoed by residents of LaGrange, Ga., Holden's hometown,during filming. Whether they brought home-cooked food to set, donated old clothes to give the film its1990s feel or served as extras, LaGrange residents came together to help tell Layfield's story in any way they could. Hall and Fahey described the set as a "family"; Holden On's production was very much agrassroots effort in which the community played a vital role.In the film, the Layfield family is characterized as close-knit and fun-loving. The intimate shots of the family include discussions at dinner and games of Scrabble and charades. In school, Layfield is well liked and compassionate, and everyone sees a bright future for him in college football. Unfortunately,Layfield's foundation of love and stability is fractured by the onset of schizophrenia, which plague him with harrowing hallucinations.In the film, two versions of Layfield emerge — the star football player who is close with family andfriends, and the Holden who desperately attempts to self-medicate his mental illness through drug abuse.Fahey's performance captures both sides of Layfield, and he cites Hall's talent as an "actor's director" for giving him confidence to take on the role. Hall described Fahey's work ethic and passion for the project as the vital factors in his casting.While Holden On brings mental health to the big screen, another representative will bring attention to this topic on the Miss Georgia stage in June. At the Holden On premiere, Courtney Hinesley, Miss Magnolia2017, bravely opened up for the first time about her own struggle with depression, and stressed the importance of being open about one's internal conflicts. Hinesley said she partnered with the film because she "saw that it was more than just a story; it was a movement."Layfield's spirit also lives on through the I Am Holden On Art Initiative. The movement was inspired by pieces of art work Layfield's sister created for him after his diagnosis. In the film, Layfield intenselystruggles to self-medicate and keep his mental illness a secret in fear of stigma. The "I Am Holden OnArt Initiative" gives high school students a creative and positive outlet to discuss mental illness, which has produced inspiring results. "Art can communicate things that words can't," Hall said of the project during our interview, which has already sparked essential conversations about mental illness in schoolsnationwide.Holden On does not just tell Layfield's tragic story — it communicates to the viewer the uplifting kindness he had for others. At the premiere, Hall called for everyone in the audience to embrace some one next tothem, and this gesture not only speaks for Hall's warmth but also the positive energy surrounding thefilm. The film's message and Layfield's life philosophy are ones of acceptance and compassion foreveryone. Holden Layfield's life may have ended, but his story and humanity are celebrated through the art and the people he inspired.Grade: A