The women's volleyball team began its fall season this week end with mixed results. Emory won 3-1against Johns Hopkins University (Md.) Friday, Sept. 1, then fell 2-3 in the second game of the weekend to Wittenberg University (Ohio) Saturday, Sept. 2 before recovering for a 3-2 victory against Illinois Wesleyan University (Ill.) later that same day.The Eagles struggled to claim their first win of the season. The first set began with a fierce rally between Johns Hopkins and Emory, with the serve going back and forth between teams until sophomore liberoElyse Thompson served to win six points for Emory. The Eagles eventually won the first set 25-19.Hopkins returned to claim the second set, which they began with a 6-0 lead. The third and fourth sets both ended in a score of 25-23, allowing Emory to take the first game 3-1.In its only loss for the weekend, Emory started off strong with two winning sets, only to lose the following three to Wittenberg. In the final sets, the Eagles began to fumble and saw some attack, setting and serving errors, which let the Tigers claim victory.Emory ended the week end on a high note with a win against Illinois Wesleyan. In the game, sophomoreoutside hitter Sara Carr had 55 total attacks and Thompson had 35 digs. With a mature starting lineupcomprised of three sophomores and three juniors, the Eagles experimented, moving players around to different positions. Freshmen, like right side Leah Saunders and middle hitter Maggie Rimmel, subbedinto the game to contribute some offensive production."We talk about the fact that the strength of this team is our team," Head Coach Jenny McDowell said."We're not relying on one person — this is a great line up from top to bottom."McDowell also noted the critical role that her setters, junior Mady Arles and sophomore Sarah Porter,played in this weekend's matches.In particular, the team's junior class has helped lead the team to success, McDowell said."You can see them leading this team," McDowell said about the junior class. "Every one of the juniors is doing an outstanding job in different roles."Arles highlighted the importance of maintaining a confident mind set going into each game, especially for an away game on another school's turf."We walk in as if it's our gym, to show that we're the best in the country," Arles said. "We have to go onto the court thinking we're the best, not in a cocky way, but in a confident one."Though it's early in the season, Arles said that she has already seen the team improve and that she'soptimistic about future games.The Eagles will appear in 15 games on their home court out of 28 total games this season."This is a real bonus for us," McDowell said. "We want to do the signature things that Emory volleyballdoes: Play hard with lots of energy in front of our home crowd. [The crowd is] going to see a team playingreally hard."The Eagles return for their home debut of the season this weekend. On Friday, Sept. 8, they will face Howard Payne University (Texas) at 4:30 p.m. and Chapman University (Calif.) at 7 p.m.. The team will complete the week end with two additional games against Millsaps College (Miss.) at 12:30 p.m. andDeSales University (Pa.) at 3 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 9.