Emory Protects Transgender RightsEMORY — In a Feb. 25 all-Emory email, Interim Provost and Executive Vice President Stuart Zola and Vice Provost of Equity and Inclusion Lynell Cadray stated that all Emory students "may use restroomsand other sex-segregated facilities that correspond to their gender identity." The email was sent in response to the Trump administration's Feb. 22 decision to repeal federal guidelines allowing students to use public restrooms according to their gender identity. In a letter that will be sent to all public schools,the Trump administration decreed that the Obama-era directive implementing that right lacked extensivelegal analysis and neglected a public vetting process, according to The Washington Post. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos approved the decision.Bus Fire Delays TrafficEMORY — A bus fire at the intersection of Briarcliff and Clifton Roads temporarily stopped northboundtraffic on Clifton Road. No one was on board at the time of the fire, and no injuries were reported,Associate Director of Media Relations Elaine Justice said.Prof. Inducted Into Writers Hall of FameEMORY — University Distinguished Professor Kevin Young will be inducted into the Georgia WritersHall of Fame this year, according to the Athens Banner-Herald. Young is the director of the SchomburgCenter for Research in Black Culture in New York and has written or edited 11 books of poetry. "We are so happy that our former faculty member Kevin Young has made such an impression on Georgia and the entirety of the South during his time here at Emory," Associate Professor of English and CreativeWriting Jericho Brown said. "We hope the good people of New York will enjoy his brilliance as much as we have."Trump Supporters RallyATLANTA – More than 250 people attended a pro-President Donald J. Trump "Spirit of America" rally in front of the Georgia state house Monday, according to the Atlanta-Journal Constitution. Trump supportersheld pro-Trump rallies in 33 states Monday in response to recent anti-Trump protests, according toReuters. Debbie Dooley, a Georgia resident and Tea Party member, organized the Feb. 27 Atlanta "Spiritof America" rally. Dooley said in a statement that the rallies "are inclusive, non-partisan, and open to anyone supporting President Trump in his efforts to bring back manufacturing jobs to America, put the security of our nation ahead of political correctness, improve our infrastructure, revitalize the inner cities and secure our nation's borders."Trump Speaks at Joint-Session of CongressWashington, D.C. — President Donald J. Trump addressed a joint session of Congress for the first time as president Tuesday night, according to The New York Times. In his speech, Trump said he would be open to a pathway to legal residency for undocumented immigrants who have not committed seriouscrimes. Trump said he wants to work across party lines and act in the interest of ordinary Americans.