In a room of 30 AIDS experts, a woman from a coal mining town in the Netherlands met a man from a small Midwestern town at the unexpectedly romantic Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)more than 25 years ago. Those two researchers, now University President Claire E. Sterk and RollinsSchool of Public Health research professor Kirk Elifson, became "great pals," and endeavor to advance the University's fundraising activities and address concerns from Emory community members.Although Elifson and Sterk were initially uneasy about the time commitment required for the Emorypresidency, Elifson said that he realized Sterk was ready for the position when he was preparing her forinterviews."I was shocked at how … she was so articulate, so quick-thinking, so knowledgeable, that I saw her in away that I didn't even know her — and we've been married for 28 years," Elifson said. "That told me that this was the right thing to do."Teamwork is a familiar concept to the couple: as research partners, they have published more than 100scholarly articles together. Recently, the two traveled to major cities, such as Miami and Los Angeles, to meet with Emory alumni and donors. Working with his wife comes "with great ease," Elifson said,emphasizing that the two never compete with each other, and always maintain an open mind and ear when they disagree.Scattered across Elifson's desk are pages of his partner's speeches. He often provides feedback, helpsher prepare for meetings and brain storms how to advance Emory with her in the evenings."I understand her voice," Elifson said. "She knows that I have her best interests at heart."Having her best interests at heart entails understanding her views and why she holds them. Amidst acontentious political climate, Elifson noted that Sterk can relate to the trauma that international studentsfeel from President Donald J. Trump's travel ban executive order, because Sterk is an immigrant herself."She still gets nervous going across the border and coming in through immigration," Elifson said. "She'sa citizen … but it still reminds her of one time she was detained in Mexico. She was working for the federal government and she didn't have a green card at the time and they wouldn't let her come back in and held her there for a number of hours."Since Sterk assumed the University presidency last semester, Elifson has been thrust on to the publicstage, receiving more attention than ever before. In supporting his wife, the first gentleman of Emory University said he sticks to what he knows.Elifson wears myriad hats: professor, statistician, sociologist, mentor, administrator, veteran andgardener, to name but a few. His daily routine has amassed "more and more work," including helpingEmory bring more military veterans to campus, participating in Carter Center research, mentoring firstgeneration and low-income students and getting to know the pulse of the University. As the former chair of the sociology department at Georgia State University, his leadership skills aided him in getting to know new Emory faculty members and students, and discussing the direction in which they would like to see Emory head.Helping first-generation students succeed in higher education h its close to home for both Elifson andSterk, who come from households where either one or both of their parents did not go to college.Outside of Emory, Elifson also serves on the board of Hope Atlanta, a non profit that providestransportation, shelter and linkage to health care to homeless people. Elifson's drive to give back also combines with his love for horticulture. As former president of the Olmsted Linear Park Alliance, whichhelps preserve the historic Atlanta park, Elifson's eyes light up when he talks plans to spruce up his newhome, Lullwater Park, with new flora."We … try to bring some sunshine into the world and help people get a chance who haven't had achance," Elifson said. "We've had people reach out to us when we were younger and brought us forward,and now we try to do that."