"You're on your own."That's what Isabella Alexander remembers an Algerian police officer telling her during a days-longdetention in Algeria, during which she was deprived of food and water for 24-hour periods. The Algerianpolice, she realized, were not going to contact the U.S. Embassy on her behalf despite her repeatedrequests.Alexander, a visiting assistant professor of anthropology, was in Algeria working on a documentary oversummer break when police arrested her on suspicion of foreign espionage. In detention, she was tired and hungry and had been "roughed up," she told the Wheel. But several days into the detention, amidpolice interrogations, she managed to persuade the authorities to let her text her friends and family,alerting them of her location and detention. They contacted the U.S. Embassy, and she returned safely to the United States late July.Alexander had planned to travel to Mali, Algeria and Morocco over the summer to work on her documentary on the migrant and refugee crisis on Europe's southern border. She traveled safely to Mali and left for Algeria the week end of July 7. A few days after she arrived in Algeria, police arrested her under the suspicion of foreign espionage in Draria, a suburb of the country's capital, Algiers. The Algerian government deported her back to the U.S. the last week of July.Algerian police did not file a formal charge of foreign espionage against her but placed her in detention during a period of investigation into her and her work during her time in Algeria. Alexander said she was not an American spy.Although Alexander had a visa to travel to Algeria, she had not applied for a film permit. "It's a really intense review process, and I knew from previous experience that [the Algerian government] would not give a film permit for the project that I'm working on because they don't want me to do this project," shesaid.Once police detained her, the journalist and anthropologist swallowed her cell phone's SIM card, a trick she picked up from a friend who previously had been detained in Nigeria, to prevent police fromaccessing the information."Algerian [detention centers] are not a spa," Alexander quipped. Despite the tough interrogations andconditions, occurrences like this are routine for her work as a journalist, she said.During the third full day of police interrogations, Alexander convinced Algerian police to let her send textmessages, arguing that the police didn't want a media frenzy over a missing U.S. citizen. Police agreed to let her do so. Her text included her location, that she had been detained and a request to alert the U.S.Embassy.The U.S. Embassy helped Alexander find an attorney to guide her through the legal process and provided updates to her family and friends. The embassy did not respond to requests for comment.Although the government deported her back to the U.S., Algerian police did not come to any conclusion on their investigation, Alexander said. If she returns to Algeria in the future, police could reopen the investigation and detain her again."They decided, [under] political pressure, to deport me home … which is a really poetic ending for someone who is studying migration," Alexander said.Alexander has traveled to North Africa several times before and interacting with police is a regular part of her work, which is centered on human rights abuses."What felt different this time was [the possibility of] facing formal charges and the long sentences attached to them," Alexander said.Algerian authorities "arbitrarily arrest and prosecute" activists and "the Algerian government blocks the registration of Algerian nongovernmental human rights organizations and has maintained its non cooperation with U.N. human rights experts," according to Human Rights Watch. A June 21 U.S. StateDepartment travel warning cautions U.S. citizens to avoid travel "to remote areas of Algeria due to the threat of terrorist attacks and kidnapping."Authorities deleted the footage on her film equipment, but Alexander is still working on her documentary and is aiming to finish it by Summer 2018.Emory University also helped Alexander return home by providing the U.S. Embassy a letter for the Algerian government certifying that she is a University employee, according to Alexander. Vice Provost for Global Strategy and Initiatives Philip Wainwright (85C, 85G) confirmed that the University provided the letter.Wainwright said that Emory consulted with International SOS (ISOS), a travel assistance company that contracts with the University and provides evacuation services, about Alexander's situation, but he declined to provide further details. Alexander said she did not register for ISOS.Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences Michael A. Elliott wrote in an Aug. 2 email to the Wheel, "I amdelighted and relieved that Dr. Alexander was able to return to the United States."Editor's note: The Wheel temporarily removed on line an April 19, 2017 article about Alexander and her work from June 20, 2017 at 10 a.m. to June 25, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. out of concern for Alexander's safety while she was in detention. The article was republished once the Wheel determined Alexander had been deported back to the U.S.Correction (8/29/17 at 9:23 a.m.): The article in correctly said Alexander had been roughed up in detention by Algerian police. It has been corrected to say she was roughed up during detention.