On Sept. 26 at 12 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding harassingcommunications. Officers met with an Emory professor who had been reportedly receiving emails fromsomebody he did not know. He reported receiving between 10 and 20 emails a day for the past severalmonths, beginning in early summer. The emails, which originate from multiple email addresses and are from "Jill Thomas," frantically discuss issues from politics to environmental disasters. Some caused the professor concern, including one that invited the professor to "meet together to live in the wild and complete a murder suicide pact" and another that said the "democratic party was after [the sender] to kill her for being a whistle blower in D.C." Emails originated from domains that make it difficult to determine the user's identity, but some emails contained a telephone number and Twitter profile. The professor stated that he is mentioned in numerous on line publications and that he suspects that may be how his information was obtained. The officer explained the professor's options, which included blocking theemail addresses and deleting the messages from the junk folder. The case has been assigned to adetective.On Sep. 29 at 8:15 a.m., EPD officers conducting a building check of the Oxford Road Building were informed by an Uber driver of a hit-and-run on Oxford Road. The individual said that she saw a man back his 1999 Mercedes Benz S420 into a gray 2017 Honda Accord four times while attempting to parallelpark on Oxford Road. Officers arrived on the scene and ran the license plate numbers of both vehicles.The driver of the Honda came back to the scene around 8:30 a.m. and spoke with officers. The driver of the Mercedes was located in front of the Oxford Road Building at 9:27 a.m. The officer asked dispatch to run the driver of the Mercedes's license number, and dispatch confirmed that his license had beensuspended. The man was arrested and transported to De Kalb County Jail.On Sep. 30 at 12:38 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual on the ClairmontCampus recreation field. An individual unaffiliated with Emory called and reported that he witnessed a female "past intoxicated" at the location. Officers arrived on scene and met with a 19-year-old Emorystudent who was crying, unsteady on her feet and smelled of alcohol. She said that she could not remember the amount of alcohol she had consumed, and at one point stated she had consumed noalcohol at all. She was unable to answer other basic questions officers asked her. American MedicalResponse (AMR) responded and provided medical treatment on scene, but the student refused to be transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Officers dropped the subject off at Woodruff ResidentialCenter. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 1 at 1:19 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual at 15 Eagle Row, the Delta Tau Delta (DTD) and Sigma Phi Epsilon (SigEp) house. Officers arrived on the scene and met several students in the rear of the building, one of whom was a 19-year-old female Emory student who was breathing but barely conscious. Officers spoke with a second student who said that the female had consumed one beer and three shots of vodka at the location. AMR responded and transported the subject to EUH. Campus Life was notified.On Oct. 1 at 2:16 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated individual in the second floormen's bathroom of Harris Hall. The complainant, a resident advisor (RA), stated that the subject was a20-year-old male student who had been vomiting in the bath room and appeared to be in need of medicalattention. Officers entered the rest room and saw a large amount of vomit coming from under one of the the stall doors, which the subject had locked. The subject reported that he went to a party at 1490 CliftonRd and had too much to drink. The subject exited the stall when De Kalb Fire Rescue Department andAMR were called to the scene but refused medical attention. Campus Life was notified.