On Nov. 20 at 11:36 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) met with an Emory student regarding a theft from Atwood Hall. The student reported that his Apple Beats headphones fell off the top of his backpackwhile he was in the building lobby around 2:30 p.m. on Nov. 9. He went to lab and then back to his residence hall, where he realized the head phones were not on his backpack. He returned to the Atwoodlobby at 8:30 p.m. and could not find the headphones. The head phones are valued at $300. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 20 at 3 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding suspicious activity at the Starbucks in the Oxford Road Building. An Emory student reported an older man staring at her in the Starbucks and then following her across campus Nov. 14 beginning at 10 a.m. When she neared Dobbs Hall, she called a friend who lived there, and the friend came outside to talk with her. The man following her walked away.The student went back to Starbucks Nov. 20, where she saw the man again and proceeded to call EPD.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 20 at 6:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft from Lodge B at 11 Eagle Row. AnEmory student and resident of the lodge reported $100 in cash missing from her wallet, which she had left in a bag in the common room from Nov. 19 at 9 p.m. until Nov. 20 at 10:30 a.m. The student found the wallet behind a printer in the back common room with five $20 bills missing. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 21 at 1 a.m., EPD responded to a call from the resident adviser (RA) on call regarding an intoxicated individual at Turman Hall. Officers arrived on scene and met with American MedicalResponse (AMR) and De Kalb County Fire Rescue personnel, who were treating a 17-year-old malestudent. AMR reported that the student had consumed 13 vodka shots while alone and was completelyunresponsive. The student was transported to Emory University Hospital (EUH).On Nov. 21 at 1:35 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding harassment at Asbury Circle. Ananonymous caller stated that a construction worker was yelling obscenities at female students as they passed and may have been holding drug paraphernalia. Officers arrived on the scene but found no one shouting or holding drug paraphernalia.