On April 24 at 5:36 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft at the Rollins School of Public Health (RSPH). An Emory student reported her pink iPhone 7 stolen from the first floor seating area. She said she left the phone at 12:45 p.m., and returned 45 minutes later to find itmissing. The phone is valued at $649. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 25 at 1:04 a.m., EPD responded to a call from the Campus Life professional on-call regarding a person vomiting outside of Alabama Hall. Officers arrived and discovered three Emory students at a table outside. An officer attempted to question the vomiting student. Officers confiscated a fraudulentdriver's license from the student. DeKalb Fire and Rescue also arrived on the scene and transported the ill student to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified.On April 26 at 12:55 p.m., an EPD officer patrolling the Baker Woodlands area next to the Michael C.Carlos Museum smelled the odor of burnt marijuana. He observed four people with a homemade plasticbong, lighting the bong and passing it around. The officer suspected the bong contained marijuana,approached the group, spoke with them and searched them. The officer issued citations for possession of less than one ounce of marijuana to all four students. Campus Life was notified.On April 26 at 11:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding some one illegally entering a car parked atKaldi's at The Depot parking lot. Officers arrived at the scene and spoke with an Emory student, the owner of a 2014 Nissan Altima. He reported parking the vehicle at 10 p.m. that evening and returning an hour later to find the passenger window on the driver's side shattered and a Patagonia bag containing a broken MacBook Pro missing from the vehicle. The missing items are valued at $2,350 total. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 27 at 3:53 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a bike theft at RSPH. An Emory studentreported his Mar in Mountain bike, valued at $700, missing from a bike rack outside the building. Hereportedly locked the bike April 21 and discovered it was missing April 27 at 1:30 p.m. The cable lock used to secure his bike was also missing. The case has been assigned to an investigator.