Pronounced "ah-sah-EE," the super food acai berry is both healthy and indulgent in the form of vibrantsmoothie bowls. Packed with antioxidants, fiber and calcium, acai is both nutritious and versatile. One of the most popular forms of indulging this superfood, and my personal favorite, is a cai bowls. Over the past few years, the smooth ie bowl craze has become increasingly hard to ignore as new shops pop upnationwide — including in Atlanta. After spending my summer working at Playa Bowls, a smooth ie bowlshop in New Jersey, I decided to venture off campus to seek out the superior acai bowl in the great erEmory area.Lucky Lotus Juice BarI approached Lucky Lotus' modest stand in Ponce City Market with low expectations, due to its small size and even smaller menu. The joint's menu offers two $7 acai bowl options, and I chose the bowl topped with banana, strawberry, chocolate chips, peanut butter, granola, coconut flakes and light agave.As I waited for my bowl, I skimmed the menu and discovered to my delight that Lucky Lotus uses 100percent organic and vegan acai. My bowl arrived a few minutes later with an aesthetically pleasingassortment of the aforementioned toppings. Though I had envisioned the bowl as a tiny dessert, I was surprised to receive a very satisfying and filling meal of 350 calories, according to the menu. The a caiwas sweetened by its flavorful toppings and the granola and coconut flakes added the perfect crunch.After devouring the entire bowl, I knew I'd come back for another affordable and high-quality acai treat.(4.5/5 stars)Kale Me CrazyNext on my quest was Midtown's Kale Me Crazy. After Lucky Lotus, I anticipated another deliciouslyrefreshing smoothie bowl. Upon entering, I instantly fell in love with the store's bright and modern vibe.Despite the large menu, which includes various healthy dishes, such as poke bowls, salads, juices andsmoothies, Kale Me Crazy, like Lucky Lotus, offers just two acai bowl selections. Though slightly more expensive at $9.50 and $11.50 each, the establishment's organic acai and gluten-free granola justify theprices. My smoothie arrived in a sleek, white bowl, but the blueberries on top were still noticeably frozenand proved difficult to chew. The smoothie base, albeit delicious, lacked a rich acai taste and had therunny consistency of a juice. Though the shop's atmosphere and service created a vibrant, enjoyableexperience, I would only go back to try something other than their acai bowls.(3.5/5 stars)Vitality BowlsJust a five-minute walk from Kale Me Crazy in Midtown lies Vitality Bowls, where customers can order from an array of smooth ie bowls in different sizes. The overwhelmingly large menu features prices ranging from $8 to $12. The staff was quite friendly and helped me and my friends navigate theexpansive menu, but we waited almost 20 minutes to receive our bowls. The a cai base, which combinesacai with almond milk, flaxseed, banana and strawberry, tasted sweet and refreshing, but closer to asmoothie. After waiting too long for the dissatisfying bowls, we left disappointed. In a boisterous area ofMidtown where alluring restaurants dotted every corner, I was quite surprised that a rather large establishment with a substantial amount of items on their menu was inferior to Lucky Lotus, a mere stand with two options on the menu.(2.5/5 stars)Frutta BowlsFrutta Bowls, tucked in the Chastain Park Fountain Oaks shopping center, also offers customizablebowls. Created in 2016 in New Jersey, Frutta Bowls has since expanded nationwide. The store offers not just acai, but an array of bases, from kale to pitaya — and even oatmeal. As I examined my options, thecashier explained that I could add, remove or swap toppings to customize my bowl. Though it was hard to choose from the various options, I ended up ordering the "Frutella Bowl," which consists of an organicacai base topped with Nutella, peanut butter, granola, banana, strawberry and coconut flakes. I devoured the $10 bowl while sitting on a comfortable couch and listening to the shop's upbeat music. The perfect concoction of tangy acai with the nutty and sweet toppings made for an exceptional solution to satisfy my sweet tooth. Though it is about a 25-minute drive from campus, it is definitely worth splitting an Uber with a few friends for one of their colorful bowls.(5/5 stars)ConclusionAt the end of my acai adventures throughout Atlanta, my stomach was full and my mind was set: I can confidently claim that Frutta Bowls offers the best value for its delicious array of healthy smoothie bowlsand its spacious and upbeat setting — perfect for hanging out or for a relaxing break off campus while enjoying a satisfying, nutritious treat.The post The Almanac of Atlanta's Best Acai Bowls appeared first on The Emory Wheel.