Sophomore Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico swings her racket in a single s match at the IT A South RegionalChamps on Sept. 30 at the WoodPEC. Gonzalez-Rico won her second consecutive singles title in addition to doubles alongside freshman Jessica Fatemi. Forrest Martin/Senior Staff Get out the brooms,folks. The Emory women's tennis team dominated the IT A South Regional Championships thisweekend, sweeping both the singles 6-4, 0-6, 6-1 and doubles 6-4, 7-5. Sophomore Ysabel GonzalezRico won her second consecutive singles title and formed a dynamic partnership with freshman JessicaFatemi to win the doubles final. In the singles draw, senior Jessica Lopez and sophomore Defne Olcayalso advanced to the semifinals of the single s draw with Lopez losing to Gonzalez-Rico 6-3, 6-3 andOlcay losing to North Carolina Wesleyan University's Fariza Abdulloeva 6-2, 4-6 and 6-2. In the singles championship match on Sunday, Gonzalez-Rico faced Abdulloeva. After a hard-fought first set in whichGonzalez-Rico emerged victorious 6-4, Abdulloeva came out in the second set and dominatedGonzalez-Rico to the tune of 6-0. Head Coach Amy Bryant said that, after the second set, she toldGonzalez-Rico to "play her game." "[Abdulloeva] was painting the lines," Bryant said of Gonzalez-Rico'ssecond set performance. "Ysabel is very smart on the court and really driven, and I told [Gonzalez-Rico]to be herself. I told [her] to attack her second serve." After taking a few minutes to regroup, GonzalezRico went into the third set with a "clean mind." "[I] played my game, an aggressive baseliner type ofgame, and [Abdulloeva] started missing more," Gonzalez-Rico said about her initial play style. GonzalezRico's increased level of play enabled her to emerge victorious with a 6-1 advantage in the deciding set.This grueling match helped Bryant, in her 20th season as the women's head tennis coach, win her 17thstraight regional singles championship. Gonzalez-Rico defeated teammate Daniela Lopez in straight sets6-3, 6-3 earlier that morning to progress to the title match, while Abdulloeva defeated Emory sophomoreDefne Olcay, 6-2, 4-6 and 6-2, respectively. In the doubles final, Gonzalez-Rico and Fatemi won an intense all-Emory affair, besting Lopez and freshman Emma Cartledge 6-4, 7-5. "Both teams did what they were supposed to do," Bryant said. "[The match] came down to one or two unforced errors here orthere." After winning the IT A South doubles title with Bridget Harding (18C) last year, Gonzalez-Rico has taken on a new role this year in her partnership with freshman Jessica Fatemi. The pair went on to extend the team's winning streak to 12 with this year's doubles victory. Gonzalez-Rico commented on the difference in her team role this year. "Last year, I was the one learning," Gonzalez-Rico said. "Thisyear I am the one who has to lead the team and teach the freshman." Fatemi had nothing but praise forGonzalez-Rico, describing her as "an amazing person and a vocal leader." "Coming into Emory, I wasn'treally a double s player," Fatemi said. "But [Gonzalez-Rico] has taught me a lot." Gonzalez-Rico andFatemi will play at the ITA Oracle Cup in Rome, Ga., from Oct. 11 to 14. Gonzalez-Rico hopes to get back to the finals of the singles and doubles draw. However, this year she said she "intends to come home with a win."The post Women's Tennis Wins Singles, Doubles At ITA South Regional Championships appeared first on The Emory Wheel.