The Emory women's and men's cross country teams ran top-notch races on Nov. 10, claiming an automatic bid to the NCAA Division III championships. The women finished first and men claimed second at the NCAA South/Southeast Regional Championships this past week end at the Clara BowlCourse at Berry College (Ga.). The Emory women competed against 32 teams. The Eagles ended with a total of 83 points, comfortably ahead of the runner-up, Centre College (Ky.), who recorded 106 points.Washington and Lee University (Va.) rounded out the top three with 116 points. Emory finished first for the fourth time in the past five seasons, the 28th straight season that the Eagles finished second or better at the Regional Championships. Senior Kaylee Slade, who spearheaded the Eagles with a 6K time of22:55 and earned seventh place overall, commended the Eagles' overall performance in the tournament."I think that [the team's consistency] definitely represents how good of an institution that [Emory] is,"Slade said. "We can offer a great education, [and] the people [also] commit to the team well." The Eaglesfeatured six of the top 35 overall runners, all of whom earned all-region honors. Senior Kayla O'Sheafollowed Slade with a time of 23:16, good for 13th place. Sophomore Carrie McIntyre was Emory's thirdoverall runner and 17th in the field with a time of 23:28. Sophomore Susie Martin finished at No. 20, andfreshman Zoe Friedman finished at No. 26 as the team's last scorers. Sophomore Abby Durfee andsenior Maeve Andrews rounded the Eagles' group of seven in 31st and 47th place, respectively.Assistant Coach Jordan Schilit praised the leadership of the seniors regarding the consistency of theteam. "[They've] been great leaders and really helped bring along the younger runners," Schilit said. "Thegroup dynamic has been really good." On the men's side, Emory recorded 90 points, good for second behind Rhodes College (Tenn.) with 71 points. Berea College (Ky.) completed the top three schools with107 points. All five Emory scorers ranked in the top 35 runners, earning all-region honors. Junior LuisTorres ran a season-best 8K time of 26:05, good for 10th place overall, his second time leading theEagles this season since the JSU Foothills Invitational on Sep. 29. Sophomore Jack Whetstone tied his personal best time of 26:15, finishing 15th overall. Senior Bennett Shaw followed with a season-best timeof 26:19, 17th on the board. Junior Sam Branson and sophomore Matt Dillon rounded out the Eagles in20th and 28th place, respectively. The team is now gearing up for a busy week end ahead. Slade said the team keeps itself motivated even during the grueling season with rest. "[We're] spending a lot of timerecovering," Slade said. "We are decreasing our mileage a lot but keeping ourselves motivated with lots of spirit activities." The championship this weekend will be held in Winneconne, Wis. The conditions are expected to be very cold and quite different from what the team normally races. But Schilit explained that the team should not have any trouble. "We haven't had super cold conditions," Schilit said. "But on the flipside, if you run through super hot conditions, that is running through adversity. That's still [going to]toughen you up. They should be mentally prepared to run hard." Both teams will compete in the NCAADivision III Championships on Nov. 17.The post Cross Country Earns Bid to NCAA appeared first on The Emory Wheel.