On Nov. 24 at 9:18 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Emory University Hospital(EUH) in reference to a report of suspicious activity. The subject, who is not affiliated with Emory, told the officer that he arrived at EUH at 6 p.m. that day and also visited EUH on Nov. 19 and 20 to do hislaundry. Emory Healthcare Public Safety officials found his ID in one of the bags he left on the floor, and after noticing that the name did not match the one he provided to officers earlier, EPD Dispatch searchedthe name on his ID and discovered that the subject had an active warrant from the Fulton CountySheriff's Office for failure to appear in court for an aggravated assault/family violence charge. The of ficerhandcuffed the subject and transported him to De Kalb County Jail, where he obtained a warrant for the subject for giving a false name, date of birth or address to a law enforcement officer.On Nov. 26 at 4:58 p.m., an EPD officer was approached by an Emory Healthcare employee who reported that a white Lexus SUV failed to yield to him and another Emory Healthcare employee at a crosswalk on Eagle Row next to the Peavine Parking Lot. The driver crossed into the opposite lane to avoid hitting them, and the complainant yelled at the driver for not yielding. The driver then stopped,exited his car and began cursing at the complainant. After a brief verbal altercation, the driver returned to his vehicle and said, "I'll be at your white boy ass" before driving away. The complainant told the officer that he never made physical contact with the vehicle or the driver. The complainant described the subject as a black male, approximately 6 feet tall, with a full beard and black clothing. An officer spoke with the other employee, who described the vehicle as a white Range Rover SUV and said the driver was a 6-foot black male who was clean-shaven. The complainant said he only wished to report the incident but that he did not wish to pursue criminal charges. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Nov. 27 at 1:40 p.m., EPD took a theft call via telephone. The complainant, a Children's Healthcare ofAtlanta (CHOA) at Egleston employee, reported that some one stole his Apple iPhone on Nov. 26between 1:30 and 2:30 p.m. He said he last saw his phone when he was charging it in the radiologydepartment. The complainant tracked his phone using the built-in GPS locator to an address inGainesville, Ga. The phone is valued at $720. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 27 at 2:25 p.m., two EPD officers responded to the main lobby of the EPD in reference to identity fraud. They met with the complainant, an Emory student, who reported that an unidentified individual used his name and Social Security number to purchase an Apple iPhone XS Max with hiscredit. The subject purchased a 24-month payment plan of $49.95 per month for the phone on Nov. 17.The complainant told the officers that he does not know whether the account was opened via telephone,online or in-store, but he discovered that the subject was assigned a local phone number. Verizon closed the account after the complainant informed them of the fraudulent purchase. The complainant does not know how the subject obtained his personal information and said he moved to Atlanta six months prior but only informed Emory and his financial institutions of his new address. The complainant froze his other credit accounts. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 28 at 10:30 a.m., EPD responded to the Division of Infectious Diseases at EUH Midtown in reference to a vandalism report. The complainant, the clinical manager for the unit, noticed on Nov. 26 atabout 1 p.m. that some one had written an obscenity on several staff pictures hanging on the office board.The complainant said the office was unlocked at the time of the incident and about six other employees had access to the room. Shortly after, another officer responded to the office in reference to a theft call.The complainant, an administrative assistant for the unit, reported that on Nov. 26 at about 9:30 a.m., shenoticed a white-and-green flash drive missing from her desk top computer. There are no securitycameras in the area. The cases have been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 28 at 3:16 p.m., EPD responded to the third level of the CHOA at Egleston main parking deck in reference to a stolen vehicle. The complainant, a construction contractor, reported that he parked his1986 Chevrolet C10 in the parking deck at about 5:30 a.m. that day, but his vehicle was gone when he returned at 3 p.m. The complainant said he had an American Derringer handgun and three pairs of wireless headphones in the vehicle. The officer searched the parking deck but did not locate the vehicle.The officer spoke with the CHO A security supervisor via telephone, who advised that a security camerarecorded the vehicle exiting the parking deck at about 11:15 a.m. that day. EPD Dispatch entered the vehicle into Georgia Crime Information Center (GCIC) as stolen. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.The post Crime Report | 12.5.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.