Our Pick: Hemal PrasadThe Wheel's Editorial Board unanimously endorses Hemal Prasad (20C) for College Council (CC) vicepresident. His expertise in the intricacies of CC's inner workings, coupled with his strong vision and passion for helping students, make him a qualified candidate to serve as CC's second-highest officer.During the Wheel Debates and in an interview with the Wheel, Prasad demonstrated a strong understanding of CC's financial policies. As the current assistant vice president for finance, Prasadproposes reforming CC's monetary policy by revisiting the 84-16 standard that limits funding for studentclubs; better utilizing rollover funds left over at the end of each year; and changing CC's budget from asemester-long to an annual cycle. Under an annual budget, Prasad argues that CC would only have to approve a new budget once a year and would be better aligned with other student governmentorganizations. Prasad possesses the expertise necessary to ensure that CC budgets its moneyeffectively, an important attribute for a leader in an organization responsible for allocating a significant portion of Emory's Student Activities Fee (SAF).Prasad also developed strong proposals for engaging more students with CC. He hopes to work with thepre-major advising connections at Emory (PACE) program to disseminate more information about student government to freshmen. He also wants to improve CC's website to ensure that information about club funding and other CC functions is easy to find. These steps would go a long way in clarifyingCC's funding process, which students often find difficult to navigate or understand.Equally important to Prasad's vision for his vice presidency is his plan to work with CC legislators to help them create change. Prasad admits that, as a freshman legislator, he was afflicted with "operationparalysis" and was unsure of the resources available to him. Prasad views the greatest challenge facingCC as a "stagnation of initiatives," where good ideas face roadblocks due to bureaucratic challenges. Toaddress this issue, Prasad intends to develop a mentorship program, which would pair more experienced legislators with less experienced CC members, to ensure that all legislators are engaged.The Editorial Board believes that Prasad is even more prepared to lead the organization than any of the CC presidential candidates. His experience and strong proposals make him a superb candidate for thisposition, and we wish he were running for CC president.