On Oct. 19 at 12:28 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a theft report. The complainant, anEmory student, reported that her Ray-Ban sun glasses were stolen while she was studying on the fourth floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library. She said that on Oct. 10 at 12:30 p.m., she left her table for about15 minutes, leaving her sunglasses on the table. When she returned, she discovered the sunglasseswere missing. The sun glasses are valued at $200. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 23 at 1:10 p.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA)regarding an alleged sexual battery that occurred in a residence hall on Oct. 20. The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statistical purposes.On Oct. 19 at 2:53 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding some one entering an automobile. Thecomplainant, who is not affiliated with Emory, reported that he parked his 2003 Cadillac Escalade in theLowergate East parking deck on Oct. 19 at 1:20 p.m. When he returned to his car at 3 p.m., he noticed that his lunch bag had been moved from the back seat to the front seat. He checked inside the center console armrest and realized that his friend's Glock 40 caliber handgun was missing from its holster.There was also damage to the driver's-side door handle, and it appeared as if some one had jammed ascrewdriver under the handle to lift the lock and enter the vehicle, according to the responding officer.The gun is valued at $550. The case has been assigned to an investigator.While EPD was investigating a car theft in Lower gate East parking deck, officers noticed that someone also broke into an adjacent vehicle. Emory Police Dispatch contacted the owner of the car, an Emory University Hospital (EUH) employee, who later reported to police that she parked her white 2005Chevrolet Tahoe at about 8:30 a.m. that morning. At 2:48 p.m., she received a text message regardingfraudulent activity on her credit card. She explained to police that her vehicle was ransacked and that herpurse, which contained cash and a pair of glasses, was missing. The EUH employee's car had bodydamage similar to the adjacent car's. The value of the missing items is $1,227. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 22 at 2:57 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage. The complainant, anEmory student, reported that he parked his gray 2017 Honda CR-V at 17 Eagle Row on Oct. 22 at 9:45a.m. As he was leaving for class, a construction worker parked his pick up truck near the CR-V, blockingthe complainant's exit path, the complainant reported. The complainant asked the pick up driver to move his vehicle several times, but the construction worker refused and ignored him, according to thecomplainant. The complainant eventually left his vehicle and walked to class. When he returned at 2:30p.m., he noticed two new scratches on the front windshield. The complainant believes the construction worker may be responsible and requested that police watch surveillance footage to confirm hissuspicion. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 24 at 8 a.m., EPD received a report of attempted theft by deception. The complainant, an Emoryemployee, reported that he and his coworkers received text messages from some one pretending to be their work supervisor. The first message read, "Are you at work?" and all of the employees who replied"yes" received a second text, asking them to purchase four $1,000 Apple gift cards. The message instructed the employees to scratch the security strip from each card and send the numbers to a man named "John Bernard," whose phone number was listed in the message. The complainant and the other employees identified the messages as a scam and did not purchase any gift cards. The complainant'soffice sent an email to all of its employees warning them of the scam. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Oct. 24 at 1:59 p.m., EPD responded to the green house on the roof of the Michael Street ParkingDeck in reference to a theft. Officers spoke with the Facilities Management supervisor, who reported that an employee went to remove the portable generator from a secured cabinet in the greenhouse forscheduled maintenance earlier that day but found it missing from its usual spot. The cabinet was locked,and there were no signs of forced entry. The last recorded time the generator was taken out of the cabinet for maintenance was in late September 2018, according to the supervisor. The generator is valued at $2,000. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 10.31.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.