Dwight M a (17Ox, 19C) has been elected the next Student Government Association (SGA) presidentafter winning the run-off election on Monday. Ma received 1,380 votes (76.54 percent), while EliasNeibart (20C) received 423 votes (23.46 percent), according to Elections Board Vice Chair Andy Xu(20C).Polls for the run off were open from 8 p.m. on Sunday through 8 p.m. on Monday.Ma previously served in Oxford SGA as vice president of Oxford SGA and freshman senator. This pastyear, he was appointed to Emory SGA as vice president of international student experience.Neibart congratulated his opponent on his winning campaign in an interview with the Wheel."I want to commend Dwight for running a great campaign for his passion and his drive all throughout theyear," Neibart said. "I do want to wish him the best for the upcoming legislative session."Ma and Neibart were the top-two vote getters in the three-candidate primary election. Mario Karras(17Ox, 19B) was eliminated on Friday, after receiving the least amount of votes.The run-off concluded a contentious election season which included an Elections Board hearing forallegations into Ma's electoral misconduct related to drinks he had bought for other students at Maggie'sNeighborhood Bar & Grill. Ma was acquitted of all charges.Neibart also was the subject of a controversy over his 2015 Facebook comments opposing same-sexmarriage. In response to backlash, Neibart retracted the comments and issued a statement on his personal Facebook page. Neibart, who served as attorney general for the 51st SGA legislature, said he is still "assessing" if he will continue to participate in SGA."I do want serve the school and I do want to help in any way I can," Neibart said. "I'm going to determinewhat's the best way I can help the student body and student government moving forward."A run-off in the Graduate Student Government Association (GSGA) presidential election between the top two vote-getters, Sydney Kaplan (19L) and Sakinah Watts (19B) is scheduled from April 5 to April 6Ma did not respond to request for comment by publication time.Alex Klugerman contributed reporting.Correction (4/2/18 at 8:41 p.m.): The article originally said that the run-off ended on Tuesday. It actually ended on Monday night.