[caption id="attachment_28398" align="alignleft" width="300"] Paul J. Zwier II/Courtesy of EmoryPhoto[/caption] Emory Law Professor Paul J. Zwier II, who was briefly suspended from teaching for saying the N-word in class in August, has been placed on administrative leave after the University received multiple reports that he recently repeated the same racial slur, according to School of LawInterim Dean James B. Hughes Jr. Hughes announced Zwier's leave on Monday following a Friday statement that he was investigating allegations against the tenure d professor. Zwier allegedly used the racial slur for the second time on Oct. 31 during office hours with a student, according to a petition byEmory's Black Law Students Association (BLSA) and Student Bar Association (SBA). The petition,started Nov. 12, requests that the University remove Zwier; require mandatory cultural competency,unconscious bias, and sensitivity trainings for all faculty and staff that work with students; and create a committee of faculty, staff, and students to initiate dialogue on sensitive issues. BLSA President WrenicaArchibald (16C, 19L) and SBA President Nicole ElMurr (19L), who led a meeting on Friday to gatherfeedback from students about the situation, did not respond to the Wheel's request for an interview. The dean said the University is continuing to "gather the facts" regarding the new allegations in Monday'sstatement to the Wheel via Associate Vice President of University Communications Nancy Seideman."Emory University's commitment to the core values of diversity, inclusion and respect is longstandingand non-negotiable," Hughes wrote on Monday. "We have been guided by these values in responding to both of these incidents." Hughes declined the Wheel's request for an interview on Tuesday and did not respond to an email asking about the time line and the scope of the investigation. Zwier declined theWheel's request for an interview. "I have been advised by counsel not to submit to any interviews during the pendency of the investigation," Zwier wrote in a Monday email to the Wheel. Seideman said Zwier'sleave is paid in accordance with University Policy 4.72, which specifies that employees are placed on paid administrative leave for up to 30 calendar days during investigations into discrimination complaints.In the first controversy, Zwier said the racial slur during an August introductory tort law class for first-yearlaw students when he referenced . After a three-week investigation, the University barred Zwier fromteaching mandatory first-year courses for two years and required him to participate in sensitivity and unconscious bias training. Zwier later apologized to Emory Law students and faculty for using the racialslur. As of Nov. 4, Zwier is scheduled to teach Spring 2019 classes "Advanced Evidence," "AlternativeDispute Resolution" and "Advanced International Negotiations" — all upper level law classes, according to the Emory Law website. Update (11/14/18 at 1:40 a.m.): This article has been updated to in cludeBLSA and SBA's petition.The post Law Professor on Leave After Allegedly Repeating Racial Slur appeared first on The EmoryWheel.