Rappers Lil Yachty and Desiigner performed at the April 14 Dooley's Ball concert, attracting a crowd of about 2,600 people, according to Student Programming Council (SPC) President Tamara Ezzat (18B).Doors opened at 8 p.m. and Desiigner, the opening act, came on stage at about 9:24 p.m. He performed popular hits including his 2016 singles, "Overnight," "Panda" and "Tiimmy Turner." Throughout theperformance, Desiigner interacted with the audience by crowd surfing and bringing audience membersonstage to dance with him.Lil Yachty appeared on stage at 10:24 p.m., opening with, "What the f*** is up, Atlanta?" He performedKYLE's "iSpy" and DRAM's "Broccoli." Lil Yachty is a featured artist on both hits. Lil Yachty alsoperformed a 2017 single, "Ice Tray," his 2016 single, "One Night" and Drake's 2018 single, "God's Plan."This year's Dooley's Week concert attendance fell short of last semester's Post Malone performance,which reached the maximum capacity of 4,500 people.Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) responded to 10 incidents at the concert, according toEEMS Director Rachel Barnhard.Yasmin Toy (21C) said that she attended the concert to relax after a week of classes."I'm here to be with other Emory students and have fun after a long week of suffering in classes," Toysaid.Brian Fleischer (20B) said that although he enjoyed Lil Yachty's performance more than Ty Dolla Sign's2017 Dooley's Week performance, he enjoyed Post Malone's performance more."Lil Yachty was definitely a lot better than Ty Dolla Sign, but not as hype as Post Malone," Fleischer said.Kenyanna Taylor (16Ox, 18C) said that she thought both performers did well."The concert was lit," Taylor said. This was the first time in four years I've been excited about [an Emoryperformance]. Desiigner was for everybody. Lil Boat was for everybody. It was great."Correction (4/17/18 at 8:40 p.m.): The head line previously stated that about 2,800 people attended theevent. The headline has been updated to correctly reflect that about 2,600 people attended.