On Aug. 31 at 9:05 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call from 6 Eagle Row, the Sigma Chi house, in reference to a theft. The complainant, a Gill Grilling employee, said that she entered the kitchen that morning and noticed missing food, burned potatoes and jalapenos in the sink, and the overhead fan she usually kept on was not running. The complainant said she believes that sometime between 8 p.m. on Aug. 30 and 8 a.m. on Aug. 31, some one entered the kitchen, stole food and cooked before fleeing. The stolen items include five pounds of chicken breast, a gallon bag of cooked potatoes, afew jalapenos, a container of hummus and two cartons of liquid eggs, according to the employee. The total value of the stolen items is $65. The complainant said the door to the kitchen area was locked when she returned and there were no signs of forced entry. The complainant told officers she would attempt to change the lock on the door. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 1 at 1:24 a.m., EPD responded to 15 Eagle Row, the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house, in reference to an Emory student down due to alcohol. When officers arrived, Emory Emergency MedicalServices (EEMS) was providing medical treatment to the subject. The subject told EEMS that he drank about seven shots of liquor and threw up three times prior to their arrival. The subject was coherent while he was receiving treatment but had glossy eyes and smelled of alcohol. An officer asked the subject if he could go through the subject's wallet in order to identify him, and the subject agreed. The officer found two driver's licenses, one from California and one from Rhode Island. The officer determined the Rhode Island license was fraudulent and confiscated it. When asked where he obtained the fake license, the subject said "Reddit." The subject told the officer he obtained the alcohol from another Emory student.After American Medical Response (AMR) responded to the location and transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH), the officers visited the student who allegedly supplied the underagesubject with alcohol. The student said he did not provide alcohol to the subject and was confused aboutwhy his name was mentioned. The student said the subject came to his room some time after 10 p.m.and was already intoxicated. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 2 at 2:57 a.m., EPD responded with EEMS to Eagle Row at Peavine Creek Drive in reference to a person lying in the road. When officers arrived, they made contact with the complainant and subject,both Emory students. The subject was unsteady on his feet, had slurred speech and smelled of alcohol.While EEMS provided the subject with medical attention, the officers spoke to the complainant. The complainant said she had met the subject that night when they shared an Uber back to campus. She said the subject was at Dark Horse Tavern and Maggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill earlier that night,but she did not know how much he had to drink. When an officer asked the complainant for her ID, she said she did not have one. The officer then asked for her name, date of birth and state from which herdriver's license was issued. The complainant responded with her real name and state but gave an incorrect date of birth. The officer asked EPD Dispatch to run her name, date of birth and state through the system. Dispatch reported that there was nothing on file, but when they ran her name through OPUSthey found her with a different date of birth listed. The complainant was three years younger than sheinitially reported to EPD. The officer continued to ask the complainant about her date of birth, but the complainant still reported the incorrect date. The officer explained to the complainant that lying to police is a crime, and the complainant ultimately gave her correct date of birth. The complainant also told the officer that she drank alcohol that night and that she has a fake New York driver's license, but it was not on her at the time. The officer cited the complainant for violation of Atlanta Ordinance 106-90: falserepresentation to police or any city department. The subject refused to be transported to the hospital. A friend of the subject arrived at the location and said he would watch over him that night. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 2 at 10 a.m., EPD responded to the Student Activities and Academic Center (SAAC) onEmory's Clairmont Campus in reference to a physical altercation on the basketball court. The officers met with the complainant and a witness who both said they were playing basketball when a man and the subject got into a physical altercation, throwing punches and wrestling. Other players separated the twomen. The subject then began threatening the other players, saying he was going to "get his 40," from hiscar, likely referring to a .40 caliber firearm. The subject then called some one on the phone, telling the person to bring his "s**t" to him. The officers approached the subject and asked for his name. Thesubject responded with a fake name and continued to walk up the stairs, becoming confrontational. The officer asked him to stop and attempted to talk to him about the incident. When the officer asked for hisdriver's license, the subject asked why and said that it was in his vehicle. An acquaintance of the subject walked by and referred to the subject by a different name. The officer asked the subject why he had given a false name earlier, and he responded he didn't know why. After the officer arrested the subject for providing a false name, the subject began complaining of difficulty breathing and chest pain. The subject asked for his asthma inhalers from his book bag, but when the officers tried assisting him with delivering a dose, the subject asked for an ambulance instead. One of the officers escorted the subject to a bench to wait for EMS to arrive. AMR EMS and De Kalb County Fire Rescue personnel arrived on the scene and checked on the subject. They advised the officer that the subject's vital signs werenormal, and they would not transport him to the hospital. The officers cited and released the subject because of his health complaints and because it was Labor Day weekend. The officers ordered the subject to leave the SAAC, but he refused. An officer spoke with the SAAC director of operations, who asked the officer to issue a trespass warning to the subject. The subject finally left the SAAC after his friends pleaded with him to leave.On Sept. 4 at 8:15 a.m., an EPD officer was monitoring a pedestrian crosswalk on foot at Michael Street and Clifton Road when a traffic accident occurred. The officer saw an Emory student traveling southdown Clifton Road on a blue motorcycle at high speeds. The officer lost sight of the subject as she approached heavy traffic at the intersection of Clifton Road and Eagle Row. Shortly after, the officer heard the motorcycle's engine rev up and the sound of a collision. As the officer approached the scene,he observed the victim exit his vehicle at the intersection while the motorcycle took a right onto EagleRow. The officer spoke to the victim, who said a blue motor cycle had struck the rear end of his car and left the scene. The officer advised the victim to pull into the parking lot of the Depot by Kaldi's Coffee onEagle Row and wait for him while he tried to catch up to the suspect. The officer advised dispatch of the hit and run and gave a description of the motorcycle. Another officer located the motorcycle on the second floor of the Lower gate Parking Deck and asked dispatch to run the motorcycle's tag. The vehicle was registered to Jenna Meints, an Emory School of Law student. Dispatch advised the officer thatMeints was in a class in Gambrell Hall at the time. Officers went to the class room and spoke to Meints.When asked if Meints knew why they need to speak with her, she responded, "Yeah, the motorcycleaccident this morning." Meints said that after the accident, she pulled over on Eagle Row near to the Depot by Kaldi's Coffee and waited for police, but they never came. The officer asked her how long she waited and she stated she only waited for a short period of time. The officer who was at the scene told her he drove down Eagle Row approximately 90 seconds after the accident and didn't see her anywhere,and camera footage showed her going down Eagle Row without pulling over anywhere. When an officer asked why Meints did not call 911, she responded, "I didn't think of that." Meints was arrested and charged with hit and run and following too closely. Meints was booked into De Kalb County Jail and her motorcycle was left in the Lower gate Parking Deck. If found guilty, she could face up to 12 months inprison. Meints did not respond to the Wheel's request for comment by press time.On Sept. 4 at 5 p.m., EPD responded to the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC) in reference to stolen property. The complainant, an Emory student, stated that at 2:30 p.m., he placed hisGucci Ace shoes in locker 808 in the men's locker room on the ground floor of the WoodPEC. When he returned at 4:45 p.m., he discovered they were missing. The shoes are valued at $600. There are no cameras in the area surrounding the locker room. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 9.12.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.