Our Pick: Jay KrishnaswamyThe practical choice for BBA Council president is Jay Krishnaswamy (16Ox, 19B). He has developed concrete plans to foster inclusivity and holds the necessary experience to lead the BBA Council.Krishnaswamy stands out among his opponents Jake Gruber (19B), Ashley Daniels (19B) and HannahMayblum (19B) for his plans to make events and employment opportunities accessible to all businessstudents.Krishnaswamy, who is now BBA Council vice president of technology, promises to create an H-1Bnetworking night to help international students who need work vis as to stay in the United States aftergraduation. Furthermore, Krishnaswamy has developed a plan to fund networking events for potentialBusiness School applicants from Oxford College. Through the creation of the "Goizueta Dream Fund,"he hopes to fund clubs that promote the interests of "historically marginalized groups at Goizueta."Finally, Krishnaswamy pointed out that B BA and MBA students currently share a cramped study space at the Business School's Coca-Cola Commons where they can collaborate on group projects. He is currently leading an initiative to create a study space exclusively for undergraduate business students and hopes to expand that study space under his presidency.Unlike Krishnaswamy, who said that he is open to inviting non-Business School students to Kegs,Gruber championed the Business School as an "exclusive club." Such an attitude could alienatestudents and foster an elitist culture. Mayblum's platform, which describes a need to redefine the culture of the Business School, does not provide concrete steps for doing so. In an interview with the Wheel'sEditorial Board, Mayblum was unable to expand upon her platform. Though both Daniels andKrishnaswamy realize the importance of Kegs, Krishnaswamy goes a step further by identifying existingproblems and working to address them; he wants to reduce the wait time at Kegs with pre-registrationand make the event more accessible to students who have classes during that time.Gruber proposed building a convenience store at the Business School modeled after the to-go station in White Hall to increase meal options. However, with Highland Bakery, Cox Hall and the DUC-ling just a few minutes away, such a convenience center is unnecessary, and Gruber's platform lacks a method for funding it. When asked if this money could better serve minority and lower-income groups likeKrishnaswamy's proposals would, Gruber responded, "Those students already have their needs metthrough other forms."Daniels said that her "[club] funding priorities would be identical to what the current priorities have been,"and would work to fund existing projects like Kegs. Daniels' experience as BBA Council vice president of clubs qualifies her for the position, but her unimaginative platform shows a lack of foresight concerning existing inequalities and systemic issues in the Business School.Krishnaswamy is the only candidate whose proposals demonstrate an ability to represent the desires of the student body and implement necessary changes to BBA culture. The Wheel is excited to endorse him for the position of BBA Council president.