Col lege Council (CC) recently appointed five new legislators to vacant positions, according to CC VicePresident Hemal Prasad (19C).The positions were vacant because no one had run for them or the students who were elected to those roles had transferred schools or were appointed to CC executive position, the Wheel reported on Sept. 5.Emily Maccabee (19C) and Wenxin Lu (19C) were appointed senior legislators; Rishika Jikaria (20C)and Jasmine Cui (22C) were selected as junior legislators; and Isabella Neblett (21C) will serve as a sophomore legislator.In lieu of traditional election campaigns, candidates submitted written applications, and Prasad and CCPresident Radhika Kadakia (20C) selected the legislators."Especially at the time we were establishing our legislature, there was no Elections Board to oversee another round of elections," Prasad wrote in a Sept. 24 email to the Wheel. "Therefore, the best option at our disposal is appointing legislators, and vetting them beforehand."Becca Lee (22C), Jane Wang (22C), Kimia Tabatabaei (22C), Brad Bennett (22C) and Chandler Smith(22C) were elected as freshman legislators on Sept. 12.Wang now serves as both a CC freshman legislator and as an associate justice on the ConstitutionalCouncil. Student Government Association (SGA) Attorney General Kaia Ordal (17Ox, 19C) approvedWang serving in both roles."I cross-referenced the SGA constitution, SGA code and CC constitution," Ordal wrote in a Sept. 24email to the Wheel. "I saw no conflict of interest in [Wang being] involved in both organizations. It would,however, have been a conflict of interest had she wanted to be on the constitutional council of SGA and also ran for SGA legislator."Last year, the Constitutional Council convened after two CC legislators challenged the candidacy ofRadhika Kadakia (20C), who was running for CC president, the Wheel reported in March."If anything should come up I will gladly recuse myself," Wang wrote in a Sept. 24 email to the Wheel. "Ireally just wanted to get involved with Emory's student government in order to make a positive impact on this campus."Wang said she initially applied to CC while under the impression that her Constitutional Council application had been rejected.Correction (9/26/18 at 12:16 p.m.): Two CC legislators challenged the candidacy of Radhika Kadakia(20C), not Sania Chandrani (19B), in March.The post College Council Appoints Five Legislators appeared first on The Emory Wheel.