For a podcast set in a town "where every conspiracy theory is true," each episode of "Welcome to NightVale" leaves its listeners with a haunting sense of relatability after a half hour of comic relief. As its fanbase grew, pushing it to the top of the iTunes podcast charts in 2013, "Night Vale's" creators havesupplemented the bi-monthly release schedule with spin-off novels and live shows. Special guests and recurring characters have been voiced by comedy and voice-acting legends including Dylan Marron,Mara Wilson, Felicia Day and Retta. "A Spy in the Desert" is the eighth and latest live show of this otherworldly podcast's fourth time going on the road. Unofficially, it is episode 146 of the show's six-yearrun. This episode sees the desert town mitigate yet another crisis of a government intelligence breach without a mayor, leaning heavily on the military expertise of current city council member and former militia leader, Tamika Flynn. Atlanta was the ninth stop of over 40 cities on Night Vale's U.S.-U.K. tour.The team, which includes Cecil Baldwin, Meg Bashwiner, Symphony Sanders and Hal Lubin, performedat Center Stage Theater on Sept. 29. True to form, the performance began with an eerily specific proverbdelivered by Deb, a sentient patch of haze, voiced by Meg Bashwiner. Deb's proverbial statementsrange from wacky advice to vague threats — depending on one's evaluation of her as an ominous observer or a benevolent being, the type of mythical creature common to Night Vale. Singer-songwriterMal Blum's opening numbers set the show's tone as a musical weather report and shared the minimalistset design of the podcast. The artist's accompaniment consisted of an electric guitar's strategicallydeployed distortion pedal. Blum's style is best characterized by guitar riffs and time signaturesreminiscent of Green Day's "American Idiot" era, underlying lyrics in the confessional style of Weezerwith the unshakable inspiration of Tegan and Sara that is foundational to this current era of queercore.Blum's music confronts the expectation of an apologetic nature, but refuses that narrative by selfcorrecting back to a depressed matter-of-factness. Although I did not add the songs from their setlist tomy iTunes cart, "Robert Frost" and "Cool Party" are fitting replacements where "The Sound of Settling"by Death Cab for Cutie and "Townie" by Mitski have been over-played. One challenge of taking apodcast on a live tour is converting the content from an audio-based medium to a theatrical production.Host Cecil Baldwin as Cecil Gershwin Palmer indulged his audience by sporting a flamboyant skullpatterned sport coat, mirroring the style in which fan art often depicts him. Although the minimalist setdesign allowed the audience's imagination to remain in creative control of the show's visual elements, theambiance came off as lackluster. The set, little more than two black stools used to construct the radio station recording studio, felt washed out by the vibrancy of the lavender stage lights. If the creators' fearwas losing the reality-defiant nature of the show, an absurd armchair retrieved from a local thrift storewould have functioned just as well. As reported by Cecil Palmer in the show's open, the latest threat toNight Vale's public safety is a shape-shifting and compulsive secret-stealer known as The Mink.Residents were put on red alert to its presence by the Secret Police after the elusive creature infiltratedthe headquarters of A Vague Yet Menacing Government Agency and the Hall of Public Records —where most of the town's forbidden knowledge is stored for safekeeping. Guests Lee Marvin (not of CatBallou) and Steve Carlsberg joined the broad cast for short segments to stress the importance of apprehending The Mink. Marvin, a famous actor, demonstrated the danger of the creature's formidableshape-shifting ability. Bank manager and local guy who Cecil loves to hate, Steve Carlsberg,emphasized the importance of secret deposit boxes. His degree in counting makes Steve the best person to handle financial matters (even if he's terrible at everything else). In the town's tradition ofvigilante justice, former militia leader and current City Council member Tamika Flynn's attempt at apprehending this menacing interloper is the most successful out of all community members'. However,the disappearance of The Mink after Cecil's confessions makes one question if secrets can ever be considered safe. To genuinely enjoy "Welcome to Night Vale," one must suspend disbelief. In this surrealtown, characters scoff at the existence of mountains in the way that many a queer person of color regards the idea of a government that doesn't target them for their minority status. The listenercommunity is composed of people who want to manipulate space and time in order to arrive at a moment where they don't fear persecution for being themselves. As stated by Meg Bashwiner, "theVenn diagram of witches, people who support same-sex marriage and 'Welcome to Night Vale' fans is acircle." For those who exist on the margins of society, the incongruity of time and character isticallycontradictory reality which define the podcast make it a prefered form of escapism. The characters'diverse ethnic backgrounds and names are not meant to be punchlines. In this town, discrimination is most likely to occur on the basis of someone's thorax construction rather than their skin color or sexualidentification. As a fiction podcast, the show's creative content is unrivaled. The citizens' lives are interwoven in a way that is characteristic of small-town America, all without disrupting "Welcome to NightVale"'s reality-bending flair. However, its creators' fears of excessively illustrating the show throughstaging dull its distinctive elements, rather than allowing the audience to indulge their imaginations.Grade: B The post Indulging Disbelief: Welcome to Night Vale's 'A Spy in the Desert' on the Road appeared first on The Emory Wheel.