[caption id="attachment_29651" align="aligncenter" width="766"] Junior guard Allison Chernow attemptsa foul line jumper against the Transylvania University (Ky.) Pioneers on Nov. 24. Chernow was namedUAA Women's Basketball Player of the Week. Courtesy of Emory Athletics[/caption] The Emorywomen's basketball team split their weekend games at the Gratz Park Private Wealth Classic inLexington, Ky. The Eagles lost to Transylvania University (Ky.) 90-87 in a tough double-overtime matchon Nov. 24, before recording a win against Denison University (Ohio) 69-57 on Nov. 25. From the onset,the Eagles showcased an efficient, high-volume offense. Shooting a 46 field goal percentage, the Eagles also converted 63.6 percent of threes on 14 of 22 shooting, matching some the best individual gameperformances in Emory history. This showed as the Eagles went on a 23-11 spurt in the third quarter,thanks in large part to junior point guard Lindsey Tse and junior guard Allison Chernow who each accounted for six points in the frame. With a 46-39 lead entering the fourth quarter, Emory continued their hot stretch with a quick three by Chernow and a bucket by freshman guard Kennedy Cater. Althoughdown by as many as 12 points, Transylvania went on a 13-2 run and managed to claim a three-point lead with under three minutes remaining. Chernow hit a triple, only for the Transylvania Pioneers to convert alayup with 25 seconds remaining. Down two, Lindahl hit a clutch bucket with 12 seconds left to force the match into overtime, tied 65-65. In overtime, the Eagles held a two-point advantage toward the end of the frame off a Chernow jumper. But with one second left, the Pioneers' guard Zenoviah Walker received a foul off a rebound, before hitting two game-tying free throws. In double overtime, the back-and-forth duelended in the Pioneers' favor as a three-pointer broke the deadlock with 34 seconds remaining. A last effort three by Emory missed, and Transylvania emerged victorious 70-67 in the grueling 50-minutecontest. [caption id="attachment_29652" align="aligncenter" width="1018"] Junior point guard LindseyTse navigates through Pioneer territory against Transylvania University (Ky.) on Nov. 24. Courtesy ofEmory Athletics[/caption] Chernow achieved a career-high in scoring against the Pioneers, with 39 pointson 13 of 19 shooting. Her individual performance put her in elite company, as her 39 points are now thesecond-highest individual mark, just two points behind Mandy Jackson's (95C, 04PH) 41 in 1993.Chernow's nine three-pointers tied the all-time record set by Hannah Lilly (14C) in 2013. "[I'm] very proud of the way [Chernow] played this weekend and the way her teammates set her up," Head Coach MishaJackson said. "Our biggest focus has been on trying to keep things simple, and I think [Chernow] reallychanneled in on that in a big way." Tse and junior forward Erin Lindahl chipped in double-figure points,with 14 and 11, respectively. "As I told [the team] after [Saturday's] game, I couldn't be more proud of the way they fought," Jackson said. "With four players fouling out, I was very impressed with all of our players being ready to play." Jackson added that the team needs to improve on specific statisticsmoving forward. "Rebounding is a big statistical category for us, and, as you can see, we lost that in a big way on Saturday," Jackson said. "Without winning that category, games will be tougher than they need to be." The next day, the Eagles faced Denison. Once again, Chernow continued her hot scoring,as she and senior center Ashley Oldshue both contributed 25 points each. Chernow added eightrebounds and four assists, while Oldshue tallied six boards and four blocks. Both teams squared at 46heading into the fourth quarter. The upper classman tandem, quite simply, took over the game. In the finalframe, the duo of Cher now and Oldshue accounted for 21 of Emory's 23 fourth-quarter points. Thecombined 21 points out scored the entire Big Red team, who scored only 11 points in the final period.Their big performances led to a 12-point victory (69-57) in a game that was much closer than itappeared. "I think the effects from the night before were still lingering, and our team went in determined in the fourth quarter," Jackson said. "We got some big stops defensively and executed some big plays and shots at the free-throw line." The Eagles improved their record to 3-2 in a 72-52 home win againstSewanee: The University of the South (Tenn.) on Nov. 27. Emory will next compete against in-state rivalBerry College (Ga.) on Nov. 30 at 7 p.m.The post Women's Basketball Splits Weekend Matchups appeared first on The Emory Wheel.