[caption id="attachment_29208" align="aligncenter" width="1024"] Ayushi Agarwal/Photo Editor[/caption]Rappers Waka Flocka Flame and Ugly God drew a crowd of about 1,800 to the Quadrangle for their Homecoming Ball performances on Friday night, according to Student Programming Council (SPC)President Abbey Kelly (19B). Waka Flocka Flame came on stage at 10:32 p.m., after an introduction fromAtlanta-based DJ Big Tiny, who played some of Waka Flocka Flame's songs to hype up the crowd. Therapper wasn't afraid to engage with the crowd: while performing his featured verses from Machine GunKelly's "Wild Boy" and Flosstradamus' "Mosh Pit," Waka Flocka Flame left the stage to join the audience.He also performed fan-favorite "Turn Down for What" by DJ Snake and Lil John. Waka Flocka Flameinvited Merveille Oluoch (22C) on stage after noticing her enthusiasm, saying "she was literally singing[every song] word for f*****g word." Oluoch told the Wheel after the concert that she is a long-time fan of the rapper. "I was shaking on stage, I didn't even know my own name," Olouch said. "I got to touch one of his dreads and that just blew my mind. My life is complete." After performing his 2010 hit single "NoHands," Waka Flocka Flame invited Georgia-based rappers Bob Lennon and Prince Ink to performonstage. A majority of students left the Quadrangle when Waka Flocka Flame stopped performing, and the concert ended soon after. Ariel Stephens (22C) said she enjoyed the concert despite not being familiar with Waka Flocka Flame's music beforehand. "It was fun," Stephens said. "[My favorite part] was when he came off stage and started singing." Ugly God opened for Waka Flocka Flame, performingtracks from his 2017 album "The Booty Tape," including "F**k Ugly God" and "I'm Tryna F**k." He also performed the 2016 hit "Water" and threw water bottles into the crowd during the song. Ugly God closed the set with his 2017 single, "B***h!" Due to construction on McDonough Field, the usual location forHomecoming concerts, SPC moved the concerts to the Quadrangle. Kelly told the Wheel that the change in location did not impact students' experiences, but the venue change made preparations forSPC more complicated. "It was a lot to consider in terms of production, having to build that stage on thatspace," Kelly said. "It didn't necessarily impact student experience of the concert … but there were definitely more considerations to take on the logistics side." Kelly said 130 people bought guest tickets to the concert. Guests of undergraduate students paid $10, and graduate students paid $18 for admission,according to SPC and Graduate Student Government Association (GSGA) Facebook posts. Fifty tickets were offered to graduate students, according to Kelly. Future concerts will return to McDonough Fieldonce the construction is completed, Kelly said. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) responded to six medical-related reports at the concert, according to EEMS Director Rachel Barnhard. After theconcert, Waka Flocka Flame attended a party in Kappa Alpha Order's (KA) off-campus house. Posts on social media by KA members show Waka Flocka Flame playing drinking games and taking pictures withpartygoers. Abbey said that 130 guest tickets were sold for the concert and that 50 tickets were set aside for graduate students. Graduate student tickets were sold for $18 and graduate student guesttickets for $26, according to the GSGA Facebook page. On Saturday afternoon, Emory alumna KeriHilson (03Ox, 05C) headlined the alumni Homecoming concert, opened by country singer Emma White.In between her songs, Hilson talked about her experience as an Oxford and Emory alumna, recountinghow she would frequent the Rich Building because students who studied theater, like herself, hung outthere. Hilson never graduated from Emory because she received a record deal during her senior year.The R&B artist performed her top hits including "Pretty Girl Rock" and "Knock You Down," as well as"Turnin' Me On" and "Energy."The post Waka Flocka Headlines Homecoming Ball Crowd of 1,800 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.