Provost Announces Law School Dean SearchEmory University Provost Dwight A. McBride has announced the search for the next Emory School of Law dean. Goizueta Business School Dean Erika James is heading the search advisory committee,McBride said. During the search, the search firm consultants and the search advisory committee willhost town halls and other meetings to hear from the Emory Law community to identify priorities in finding the next dean. Interim Dean James B. Hughes stepped in after former School of Law Dean JudsonGraves' departure.Poll: Ga. Gubernatorial Race Neck-in-NeckDemocratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams and Republican gubernatorial candidate Brian Kempare nearly tied in their bids for governor, according to an Atlanta Journal-Constitution poll conducted lastweek. The poll shows Abrams trailing Kemp by half of a percentage point with a margin of error of 3.1percent. If Abrams is elected, she would be the first black female governor in U.S. history and first Democratic governor of Georgia since 2002. President Donald Trump has endorsed Kemp, whileAbrams won the endorsement of former President Barack Obama.Atlanta to No Longer Hold ICE DetaineesAtlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms signed a Sept. 6 executive order ending detention of U.S.Immigration and Custom Enforcement (ICE) detainees and mandating all remaining ICE detainees held in city jail to be transferred elsewhere. Bottoms made the decision after Trump's "zero tolerance" policyon illegal immigration, saying that the policy "intentionally inflicts misery on a vulnerable population."India Strikes Down Gay Sex BanThe Indian Supreme Court unanimously decriminalized consensual gay sex on Sept. 6, according to The New York Times. Homosexual behavior was deemed "unnatural" sexual offenses in an 1861 law. Aviolation of the law carried a maximum sentence of life in prison. The ruling declared that sexual orientation is protected under a person's right to privacy.Kavanaugh Confirmation Hearing ConcludedThe Senate Judiciary Committee concluded Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's confirmationhearing on Sept. 7, according to the Associated Press. During the week of Sept. 2, senators questionedKavanaugh on his view of the ruling, the landmark 2015 decision on same-sex marriage and on U.S.Department of Justice Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller's probe into Russian interference in the 2016presidential election. Democrats unsuccessfully attempted to postpone the nomination process after42,000 documents related to Kavanaugh's records were only released the night before the hearing. The committee is expected to hold its confirmation vote on Kavanaugh Sept. 20, with the Senate floorexpected to vote a week after.The post News Roundup | 9.12.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.