On Jan. 23 at 10:29 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding someoneentering an automobile. The complainant, who is an Emory alumna, reported that she is missing $7,241of items and cash in total. She said that parked her 2008 Buick Enclave in the parking lot behind Rise-nDine in Emory Village at 9:16 a.m. When she returned to her car at 9:41 a.m., she saw that her driver'sside rear window had been shattered. The victim then discovered that her purse and diaper bag had been stolen. The purse contained the her driver's license, Social Security card, credit cards, gift cards,prescription medication, $1,076 in cash, a wedding band valued at $4,200 and an Apple iPad valued at$1,500. The diaper bag, which included clothing, toys and diapers, was valued at $214. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 26 at 9:32 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding the display of fraudulent driver's licenses at 8Eagle Row, a residence hall. The caller, a Campus Life (CL) professional, stated that after being called to8 Eagle Row for a flood report, he found a brown leather wallet in a pair of pants on the floor of a communal bathroom. The CL professional attempted to identify the owner by opening the wallet and discovered two military ID cards and two fraudulent driver's licenses belonging to two Emory students.The fraudulent driver's licenses both indicated the students' ages as over 21 years old. Upon furtherinvestigation, the military cards were found to be valid and were returned to their owners. The fraudulentIDs were confiscated and the case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 26 at 4:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a theft on the fifth floor of Harris Hall. The victim reported that her Bose Bluetooth speaker, valued at $400, was stolen from her room. The victim estimated the incident to have occured between midnight on Dec. 17, 2017, and4:40 p.m on Jan. 26, 2018. The victim returned to Emory Jan. 12 but did not notice the speaker missinguntil Jan. 26. She said that she had hidden the speaker under her bed sheets and locked the door before leaving for winter break. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 27 at 5:56 a.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding an intoxicated individual in the third floor men's bathroom of Dobbs Hall. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS)and EPD officers arrived on the scene and met with the subject, who said he had consumed alcohol at a fraternity house earlier in the night. The subject had slightly slurred speech but correctly answered "alertand oriented" evaluation questions. When the officer asked which fraternity he visited, he said, "BetaTheta Pow" — which is not a real fraternity. The officer asked him again, and he repeated, "Beta ThetaPow." The subject refused further medical treatment. Campus Life was notified.On Jan. 28 at 11:28 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding an intoxicated individual between Complex Hall and the Robert W. Woodruff Library. The caller explained he met with the intoxicated individual in an attempt to reconcile their relationship, noting the individual appeared to have been drinking. Following their conversation, the individual fell into the bushes, bruising his forehead.Officers arrived on the scene and met with the subject, who said he only had one shot of tequila that night but fell because he had been experiencing an emotional breakdown. Campus Life was notified.