The Emory women's soccer team ended the regular season on a strong note with a 3-1 win over the University of Rochester (N.Y.) on Nov. 3 at Fauver Stadium in Rochester, N.Y. With the victory, theEagles finish the season with a seven-game undefeated streak as well as five consecutive victories. Theteam closed out with an overall season record of 13-4-1 and a conference record of 4-2-1, good for third place in the University Athletic Association (UAA). The Eagles' third-place UAA finish is the best by the program since 2013. Sophomore defender Caroline Moore scored the first goal of the afternoon — and her fifth goal of the year — in the 17th minute. She tapped the ball into the right post off a cross fromsenior forward Sophia Dillon. The Eagles maintained their lead until halftime. Senior goalkeeper DaniStaffin made several saves to keep the score even. Her defensive prowess showed in the 54th minutewhen she made a double save, keeping out a penalty and the rebound. However, the Yellowjacketsfound an equalizer a minute later as Rochester senior forward Kerri Eden scored from inside the box.The Eagles opened the flood gates within the last quarter of the match. Freshman midfielder LindseyBreskow scored off a deflection from a cross by junior forward Shivani Beall in the 68th minute.Sophomore midfielder Samantha Hilsee finished off the Yellow jackets in the 83rd minute with a header from sophomore midfielder Lily Dresner's free kick. The Emory defense also impressed, not allowing another shot on target during the last 28 minutes. The Eagles heard new good news Nov. 5 as they earned a bid to the NCAA tournament for the first time since 2014. This will be the Eagles' 17th overallappearance and ninth under Head Coach Sue Patberg. "We were nervous going in," Staffin said. "Therearen't a lot of people on the selection committee from the South, so we were a little bit unsure heading in[if we'd get into the tournament]. Good to see we made [the tournament]." The Eagles will face PennState Berks in the first round of the NCAA tournament at 3:30 p.m. on Nov. 10 in Lynchburg, Va. "Wehaven't played this team before," Staff in said of Penn State Berks. "However, we'll have a couple of solidpractices, so we should be ready."The post Women's Soccer Secures NCAA Berth appeared first on The Emory Wheel.