Col lege Council (CC) will transfer about $4,000 of its funds to various clubs chartered under BBA Councilby the end of the week, according to BB A Council President Jay Krishnaswamy (16Ox, 19B).It is unclear how CC approved the transfer. Krishnaswamy said he had "no idea" how it was approved,and CC President Radhika Kadakia (20C) and Vice President Hemal Prasad (19C) declined interviewsto discuss the transfer. There is no mention of transfers between undergraduate divisions in the Student Government Association (SGA) Finance Code.The CC legislature did not discuss or vote on the transfer in any of its public meetings since the Wheel reported on Sept. 5 that the two governing bodies were negotiating a dollar amount to be transferred.CC will be named as a co-host for some events organized by BB A clubs because of the transfer,Krishnaswamy said. The events that the CC money will go toward have historically recorded higher rates of College student participation, according to Krishnaswamy. Krishnaswamy declined to provide the specific events.Kadakia and Prasad previously agreed to the transfer earlier this semester, but it was not finalized untilan Oct. 19 meeting between Krishnaswamy, SGA BBA Liaison Geoffrey Tseng (19B), CC AdviserSarah Beth Potter, BBA Council Adviser Danielle Mitchell-Damron, Associate Director of the Office of Student Leadership and Services (SILT) Natasha Hopkins and Associate Director of StudentGovernance Services (SGS) VonYetta Hunter, according to Krishnaswamy. Prasad and Kadakia did not attend the meeting, Krishnaswamy said.Prasad said in September that he and Kadakia were hesitant to give money to BBA Council, but they agreed to do so after Krishnaswamy said College students could be excluded from BBA clubs if BBACouncil does not receive more funds, Prasad said."At first we were hesitant, but then the idea was thrown up in the air that if we didn't give BBA [Council]money, College students would be excluded from BBA clubs," Prasad said. "We want to represent the College students as best we can … so that's why we thought that it would be in everyone's favor to provide a short term solution."The transfer will only cover BBA club events for the remainder of the academic year, but Krishnaswamysaid he hopes to find a more sustainable long-term funding option for BBA Council."We hope we can find a different method for funding for this — whether that means that SAF changes arecoming, or if that means we are able to find a better path forward to do this … but we're still examiningthat," Krishnaswamy said. "This buys us some time to think about it."Krishnaswamy previously attempted to amend the student activities fee (SAF) split last Spring with Bill52sl2, which he co-wrote to increase the amount of money that the BBA Council would receive from the SAF Fee Split. Krishnaswamy also co-sponsored the bill that calls for the club participation audit.The post College Council Gives $4K To BBA appeared first on The Emory Wheel.