Although "Stranger Things" star Millie Bobby Brown was in the crowd supporting Atlanta United FC, thegame's outcome was not strange at all, with Atlanta earning its third consecutive victory. Atlantathoroughly prevailed over a hapless Real Salt Lake on Sept. 22, winning 2-0 in front of the third-largestcrowd in franchise history at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium. With the well-deserved three points, Atlantanow boasts a four-point lead at the top of the Eastern Conference in the MLS. [captionid="attachment_28835" align="aligncenter" width="574"] Atlanta United F.C. fans pack into the MercedesBenz Stadium to record the third highest attendance in franchise history in a match against Real SaltLake on Sept. 22. Atlanta also holds the record for the highest individual attendance for a single MLSgame. Sammy John/Contributing[/caption] Atlanta started the game brightly, enjoying an abundance ofgoal-scoring opportunities. But the opening goal eluded them until shortly before halftime. A lobbed passfound midfielder Miguel Almiron, who dribbled into the box, driving against the Salt Lake defense. Almironthen served a late, looping cross from the end line to find defender Julian Gressel on the edge of the box.Gressel then calmly chested the ball and fired a wicked shot past Salt Lake goalkeeper Nick Rimando,who had no time to react. Atlanta did not let up before the half time whistle. The front three, featuringforward Josef Martinez, forward Hector "Tito" Villalba and Almiron, pressed Salt Lake into relinquishingpossession. Rimando saved Almiron's curled shot but failed to recover as Gressel wasted a good chance and blasted the rebound over the crossbar. Atlanta midfielder and acting team captain JeffLarentowicz was pleased with the win. In particular, Larentowicz said he was impressed with Gressel'scontribution to the team, displayed by his vital goal and later assist. "[Gressel] has done it all,"Larentowicz said. "He seems like he is in the middle of everything good that is Atlanta United." After thehalftime break, Salt Lake pushed for the equalizing goal. Salt Lake forward Jefferson Savarino wasted a good opportunity to level the score, firing a close shot off the bar. However, Atlanta persevered and added another goal through forward Villalba. From a throw in, Gressel lobbed the ball towards forwardJosef Martinez, who deftly ducked under Gressel's throw to allow the ball to fall to Villalba. From outside the box, Villalba fired a shot that hit the post, but the ball fortuitously bounced off Rimando's back to roll into the net. Although the team had a dynamic performance, Martinez had a relatively quiet game by his lofty standards that pushed Martinez to break the MLS single season scoring record. Martinez's quickone-touch passes, skillful dribbling and movement of the ball (as seen with his influence in Villalba's goal)illustrated the dangers of Atlanta's dynamic front three in their 4-3-3 formation. Despite not getting on thescoreboard, Martinez supported his team well. Alongside Almiron and Villalba, Atlanta's offense lookscapable of penetrating the staunchest of defenses. Atlanta's reputation as one of the most exciting MLSteams to watch was on full display: rapid counter attacks and quick tempo build-up play led to numerousscoring opportunities. Salt Lake was lucky the score line was not 5-0. One worrying sign was Atlanta'sinability to finish off scoring chances. Despite dominating the game with eight shots on target, Atlantamissed at least three clear chances to extend their lead. Salt Lake let Atlanta off the hook, with a lackluster offensive showing with only three shots on target and a similarly mediocre defensive display,bar Rimando's excellent performance with six saves. Gressel, the 2017 Rookie of the Year, cited HeadCoach Gerardo "Tata" Martino as a key influence in his success. "[Martino] just set a really high standard for me ever since I came in as a rookie," Gressel said. "Every time a manager has that high standard for you, you hold yourself more accountable." After their latest win, some speculated that theSupporters' Shield is Atlanta's to lose, but Martino was cautiously optimistic. "We might have a hand [onthe Supporters' Shield], but [the New York] Red Bulls wants to cut it off," Martino said in reference toUnited's next game. "But today, what leaves me the most calm, is that we played the best game of the[past] three." After already qualifying for the playoffs, Atlanta's next high-stakes match is with the No. 2New York Red Bulls on Sept. 30.The post Atlanta United Secures Playoffs Ticket appeared first on The Emory Wheel.