On April 9 at 9:59 a.m., an individual turned in a wallet to the Emory Police Department (EPD) that was found in White Hall. An officer determined that the wallet belonged to an Emory student but found a fakeIllinois driver's license inside the wallet. The officer met with the student, who examined the contents of the wallet and reported nothing missing. The officer returned the wallet and confiscated the fraudulentdriver's license.On April 10 at 9:01 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage. The complainant, whoworks for Emory Athletics, reported that he found tire tracks on one of the back fields at Kaminsky Park that caused damage to the grass. The circular tire tracks led the officer to believe the driver was performing "donuts" on the field. The officer determined the suspect might have entered the field from a gravel path that connects to Old Briarcliff Road. The complainant said he believed the suspect entered the field between 5 p.m. on April 6 and noon on April 8. Officers arrived and took photos of the scene.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 10 at 10:25 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a narcotics violation. The complainant, a resident adviser (RA) in The Complex Hall, reported that at 10:15 p.m., she was conducting a check of the location when she smelled marijuana coming from the third floor deck between Smith and HopkinsHalls. She observed an individual smoking a blunt. The individual was a visitor of an Emory student who was also on the deck. When the officer arrived and examined the blunt, he found that there was a filter with no burnt marijuana or residue inside. The officer did not issue the visitor a citation for possession ofmarijuana because of insufficient evidence and probable cause. The officer spoke with a Campus Life(CL) professional who asked the visitor to leave the location for violating campus and residence hallrules. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On April 12 at 3:45 p.m., EPD met with multiple individuals at the Institute for the Study of Modern Israel (ISMI) at Emory in the Luce Center in reference to anti-Semitic threats made over voicemail. One of the complainants reported that at 3:12 p.m., she received a voice mail on her workphone from an unknown male caller. The caller reportedly said, "Jews are terrorists"; "We want to kill every Jew on Earth and we will"; "Jews are evil"; "Every Jew is going to get murdered"; and "I'm gonnashoot a Jew with a gun." None of the individuals at ISMI recognized the caller's voice. One of the complainants said that I SMI has publicized an up coming event which may have triggered someone to call in and leave the threats. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 12 at 7:13 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a possible phishing scam that an Emorystudent received by email. The complainant reported that she received an email that said it was from Apple on April 12 at 6 p.m., stating she needed to click a link and follow steps to complete an online form,which included submitting her debit card number, Social Security number, driver's license number and a picture of herself. The complainant said as soon as she completed the form, she realized it may have been fraudulent. She immediately called her bank to freeze her checking account and reported the incident to her other credit card companies. The complainant said she planned to call the Social Securityoffice and the Chinese Embassy regarding her Social Security number. An officer conducted a preliminary investigation and found that the email came from Malaysia. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 14 at 10:56 p.m., an EPD officer who was working the Dooley's Ball concert noticed two individuals at the rear of the stage involved in a physical altercation. The officer and two other officers approached the two subjects and separated them. The first subject reported he was working at the event as the audio-video technician and was not affiliated with the other artist group. He said he was sitting at the rear corner of the stage area while Lil Yachty was performing and that an unknown male subject approached him and told him to "get off my stage." When he didn't leave, the subject grabbed him by the shirt and started to pull him away from where he was seated. The first subject grabbed the secondindividual's clothing and tried to pull away from him. The second subject pulled the first subject's armaway and struck him in his left jaw and ear area. The second subject, who works on Lil Yachty's tour,said he noticed the first subject sitting on some equipment at the rear of the stage and didn't know who the subject was. The second subject admitted grabbing the first subject but did not admit to hitting him.The officer intended to issue the second subject an Atlanta City Ordinance charge for disorderly conduct,but the subject fled the scene. The officer wrote in his report that he could secure a warrant, charging thefleeing individual with simple battery. The case has been assigned to an investigator.