Math, Computer Science Departments Not Consulted in Transfer Credit CutsEmory erroneously announced a decision to no longer accept credit for IB Computer Science when it revamped the Test Credit Policy, which decreased the amount of credit hours in coming students can receive for AP and IB tests from 24 to 12, effective Fall 2018. In the same overhaul, Emory also cut the maximum number of AP Calculus BC transferable credits from six credit hours to three. Math andComputer Science Associate Professor Ken Mandelberg wrote in a Feb. 15 email to the Wheel that "itturns out that the change in IB for CS was inadvertent. … Last spring the college merged with the Oxford and Campus policies, and during our consultation with Oxford, IB just got lost in the shuffle." TheAdmissions Office is set to correct the error. IB Computer science will still be accepted as a credit. The change is set to affect students who enroll at both Emory and Oxford College.Syrian Led Attack Kills Over 100, Injuring 500A Damascus suburb was bombarded in a Feb. 19 airstrike attack by Syrian-led forces, killing over 100people and injuring 500 more, according to the Washington Post. The attack comes in a string of heightened airstrikes by Syrian forces, which started late February. Syrian forces targeted over five rebelhospitals, killing 97 alone. Nonprofit aid organizations are calling the latest attacks "the bloodiest 24-hourperiods in Syria's seven-year war," according to the Post. The death toll since Sunday totals more than190, prompting the United Nations to issue an appeal urging the international community for a ceasefire,but it is unknown whether the appeal will be answered.United Nations University Selects Atlanta as a New Sustainability NetworkThe United Nations University Institute for the Advanced Study of Sustainability (UNU-IAS) designatedgreater Atlanta one of six U.S. Regional Centres of Expertise on Education for Sustainable Development(RCE), according to a Feb. 14 University press release. RCEs are committed to implementing U.N.Sustainable Development Goals, with issues such as no poverty, zero hunger, quality education and climate action designated as particular priorities for the greater Atlanta area. Emory University, along with Georgia Institute of Technology and Spelman College, will lead RCE Greater Atlanta for the first twoyears. There are currently 157 RCEs worldwide. — Christina YanEmory Medical Community Commemorates Chair of the Dept. of OrthopaedicsChair of the Department of Orthopaedics James Roberson was honored at the Emory Sports ComplexFeb. 3 for his 15 years of clinical work at the Emory School of Medicine. Roberson was appointed chairman in 2002 and oversaw the creation of the Emory Orthopaedics and Spine Center in ExecutivePark, the Emory Orthopaedics and Spine Hospital and the Emory Sports Medicine Complex, according to a Feb. 19 Emory press release. In honor of Roberson, 68 faculty members from the Department ofOrthopaedics donated more than $325,000 to endow the Kelly Society Fund, a fund providingorthopaedic residents with educational training and clinical experience.Atlanta-Filmed Movie 'Black Panther' Hauls $235 MillionThe Marvel movie "Black Panther" hit theatres last week, bringing in $235 million, the fifth-largest opening of all time and largest opening weekend for a movie directed by a person of color according to the AtlantaJournal-Constitution. Director Ryan Coogler shot the film predominantly in Atlanta, and its filmmakersspent about $84 million on its production in the area, with a majority of that money going to the localAtlanta economy to pay for caterers, prop makers, technical equipment and hotel rooms, according to the AJC. Georgia has a large repertoire of movies shot in its borders ranging from "The Hunger Games"to "Spider-Man: Homecoming" to "Thor: Ragnarok." It served as the No. 1 destination to shoot featurefilms in 2016, according to the Atlanta Business Chronicle.