On April 28 at 7:52 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to multiple reports of suspicious activity on Dickey Drive. When the officer arrived, he found a male Emory student sitting on the grass near the Woodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC) outdoor track. The subject was talking to himself. When the officer approached him, he stood up and said, "God is good, but I didn't know he was that good" and"God is good all the time." While the officer was speaking to the subject, the subject tried to run away, but the officer grabbed him by the arm and wrapped both of his arms around the subject so he wouldn't flee.Another officer arrived, and the two officers asked the subject to sit in the back of a police car untilEmory Emergency Medical Service (EEMS) arrived. When asked if he had a mental illness, the subjectresponded, "No" and mentioned "mushrooms" shortly after. The officer asked the subject if he had taken mushrooms earlier. The subject responded by speaking in the third person, "He has." As they waited forEEMS to arrive, the subject lied down in the back of the car and put his foot on the car's window bars,saying, "Let me out of this cage." He continued rambling and eventually said, "I guess I'll jack off." The officer told the subject that he should not do that, after which the subject lowered his pants and started to urinate on himself and in the vehicle. After the subject finished urinating, he pulled his pants up and continued to lie on the seat.When EEMS arrived to examine the subject, they determined he needed transport to the hospital because he didn't know his location, the day or year. Shortly after the ambulance left, the officer noticed the same subject walking near the Woodruff Memorial Research Building. The officer asked an EmoryHealthcare Public Safety supervisor if the subject was released from the hospital. The subject had run from the ambulance or the hospital at some point and never received treatment.Dispatch told the officer that the subject resides at 10 Eagle Row, the Pi Kappa Alpha (Pike) house, so the officer drove to his residence and found the subject walking up the rear steps of the building. The officer stopped the subject and asked him to sit down while he called another ambulance. Two other officers arrived at the scene to ensure the subject didn't harm himself or try to flee while EEMS was enroute. However, the subject tried to flee again. The officer told the subject he needed to sit in the back of the police vehicle until EEMS arrived. While they were attempting to move the subject, the subject clenched his fists, tried to run away and began making more aggressive movements. One of the officers placed his taser on the subject's left front shoulder area and warned the subject that he would tase him if he continued to fight. The subject said, "No, that's electricity," and then relaxed and sat in the back of the police car until the ambulance arrived. When the ambulance arrived, the personnel determined the subject was still not coherent enough to take care of himself and transported him to Emory UniversityHospital (EUH). EPD followed the ambulance and ensured the subject was in the hospital before theyleft.After the subject was checked into the hospital, the officers discovered the subject was wanted by Fulton County for failure to appear on a criminal trespass charge. After the subject was discharged from EUH,an officer took him into custody and transported him to the De Kalb County Jail. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On April 24 at 3:19 a.m., an EPD officer was patrolling Eagle Row at Dickey Drive when he noticed the metal exit gate arm to the Peavine Parking Lot was bent backward. The officer asked Emory dispatch to contact Parking and Transportation Services about the damaged gate arm. A parking ambassador reported that the damage occured on April 23 some time between 2 p.m. and 10 p.m. The officer noticed a camera directly above the gate arm and asked the ambassador if he had access to the camerafootage. The ambassador stated that his supervisor was going to review the camera footage and contactEPD if he finds any possible subjects. The value of the damaged gate is estimated to be between $170and $230.On April 27 at 2:16 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding theft by taking. The complainant, an Emorystudent, reported that on April 27 at noon, she placed her black Vince Camuto purse on the wall near the Emory University sign for about 10 minutes while she took senior pictures with other students. The complainant asked one of the other students if she could retrieve her purse while she took pictures, and the student told her the purse was not where she left it. The complainant said the purse contained a goldApple MacBook Pro and a gold computer case. The total value of the missing items is $1,680. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 28 at 3:28 a.m., EPD responded to 8 Eagle Row in reference to a person down due to alcohol.EEMS, DeKalb County Fire Rescue and DeKalb American Medical Response (AMR) were alsodispatched. When the EPD officer arrived at the scene, EEMS was assisting an Emory student, who was in the back seat of a silver Toyota Camry that belonged to an Uber driver. The driver reported that he was driving the subject from a bar in Roswell, Ga., to her address at 8 Eagle Row. The driver said the subject was intoxicated and lost consciousness during the ride. After the driver unsuccessfullyattempted to wake the subject up when he arrived at 8 Eagle Row, the driver called the police. After the officer spoke with the driver, EEMS was still giving aid to the subject, but she had woken up. Shortly after the subject exited the vehicle, the officer told the Uber driver that he could leave. DeKalb County FireRescue arrived and assisted EEMS with caring for the subject until AMR arrived. AMR personnelexamined the subject and determined that she could refuse transport to the hospital and allowed her to sign a refusal form. After the subject was medically cleared and signed the refusal of transport, the officer escorted her to her room in 8 Eagle Row. Campus Life was notified of the incident.On April 20 at 11:35 p.m., EPD responded to 10 Eagle Row, the Pike house, in reference to a narcoticsviolation. The house director reported that while he was performing his nightly check through Eagle Row,he saw a student with a smoking pipe in his hand and burned marijuana inside the pipe. The student said the marijuana was not his and he had received it from an unknown female inside the house. The officer issued the student a citation for possession of marijuana. Campus Life was notified about the incident.