The FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup has catapulted many women's soccer players like Brazilian forwardMarta Vieira da Silva and American forward Sydney Leroux into stardom. Emory's senior defender andco-captain Danielle Darius joins their ranks with her debut in the 2018 edition on the Haiti women'snational U-20 football team. A week before she took the Medical College Admission Test (MCAT),Darius, a psychology major on the pre-med track, received a call from the Haitian coaches offering a spot on the team. She hopped on a plane to Haiti the day after she finished the grueling exam. In Haiti,the student athlete said she had to adapt to the faster style of play for international-level soccer, as well as the language barrier within her own team. "It was very difficult at first, being almost an outsider joiningthe team," Darius said. "I knew a little bit of French, but I had to pick up on Haitian Creole. There were a couple of American girls that had played previously and helped me out." Sports runs in the Darius family.Both her brother's and her father's involvement in sports inspired her to take up track and field andsoccer in high school. However, Darius, affectionately known to her Emory teammates as "DD,"eventually stuck with soccer. Darius' love for soccer started at age six. Her childhood soccer journey led her from her home town of Lutz, Fla., up to Emory, where she has become a stand out player on Emory'sdefense. As a testament to her importance to the team, Darius was the only player to start all 18 gamesduring the 2017 season. Playing as a full back or outside defender, Darius is impressive both on defense and offense. While she was part of an Emory defense that kept nine shutouts in 2017, Darius also talliedthree goals and an assist en route to being named to the All University Athletic Association (UAA)Second Team. Despite her impressive Emory career, Darius was surprised when she learned of hercall-up to the U-20 Haitian Women's team for the FIFA U-20 World Cup. "I was definitely shocked,"Darius said. "I had talked to the [Haitian] coaches before summer. I heard they needed people, but Ihadn't heard a lot after. I kept my summer open, but I was mostly focusing on the MCAT." Darius said she agreed to an offer to play before considering any other options because she was so excited for the chance to play for Haiti. Darius has represented for Haiti before, when she played for the senior Haitianwomen's team for the 2018 CONCACAF Cup qualifiers in May, catching the attention of the Haitian teamselectors. Fellow Emory senior defender and co-captain Nikki Batt said Darius' warm personality is a great morale booster and facilitates a sense of teamwork. "Personality-wise, [Darius] is easy to talk to,easy to approach," Batt said. "She is always smiling, no matter what we are doing. It's nice to see, when you are struggling, and she is looking at you with her big smile." Batt added that Darius' intelligent playingstyle is another major asset to the team, saying Darius sets a great example with her commitment to thegame. "I would say [Darius] is a lead-by-example type of girl," Batt said. "She likes carrying the team on her back. She loves having the responsibility of being a captain and an attacking defender. If we need toscore, we throw 'DD' up top because we know she will get it done. She's going to crash the goal." Battsaid the Emory team was proud of Darius, known to her team as a hardworking, passionate and humble soccer player "[Darius] is so humble, and very low-key about [her soccer ability]," Batt said. "We weredoing a lift one day, and we were like 'Where is DD?' Then we found out she was trying out for the Haitian team in Florida. We all flipped out and text ed her good luck. If any one on the team were to get thisopportunity, we're all glad that it [would be] her." Many Emory teammates actively followed Darius' U-20World Cup games online, Batt said. The team kept in touch with Darius to wish her luck and motivate her through the tournament. After her international experience, Darius said she expected a lot more from herself as an Emory Eagle. Upon returning to train with Emory, Darius noticed that her time on the professional pitch benefited her playing style. "I was not accepting any bad touches," Darius said. "Ireally wanted to be almost perfect." The summer also made her realize the value of teamwork. "I valueteam chemistry a lot more now," Darius said. Depending on if she is accepted to medical school thiscycle, Darius said she is open to playing soccer after she graduates from Emory. For now, Darius will look to sign off her Emory career on a high note. After scoring her first goal of the season and the game winner against Brandeis University (Mass.) on Oct. 14, Darius is on track for a fairy tale finish as an Emory Eagle.The post Darius Reflects on International Soccer Experience appeared first on The Emory Wheel.