On Oct. 13 at 8:08 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a report of a harassingcommunication. The complainant, a male Emory student, said he communicated with an unknown female he met on an online dating site. The female gave his phone number to a male named Nick. The complainant said Nick first text ed him on Oct. 8 at about 3 a.m. for casual conversation and again at about 5:30 p.m. from a different number. The complainant told Nick he was not interested in conversing and blocked the number. At about 8:01 p.m., Nick sent the complainant another text message from a different number, asking why he blocked his number, adding, "I'm going to find you and kick your ass."Officers suggested the complainant change his number if Nick continues to contact him. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 15 at 9:11 a.m., an EPD officer spoke with an Emory student via telephone regarding a theftreport. The student, reported that on Oct. 14 at 4:30 p.m., he left a University-owned Dell laptop on a table in room 721 of the Grace Crum Rollins Building but realized it was missing when he returned the next day at 8:30 a.m. The student reported to police that the class room is usually left unlocked, andemployees and students typically rearrange the furniture in the morning. Building staff told him nobody had turned in the laptop, according to the complainant. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 15 at 10:30 a.m., an EPD officer spoke with an Emory student via telephone regarding propertydamage. The student, reported that on Oct. 12 at about 10:30 a.m., she parked her 2018 Toyota Corollaon the first level of the Michael Street Parking Deck. When she returned at about 3:30 p.m., she noticed a one and a half foot scratch on her vehicle that began on the roof. She also discovered that the paint on her front passenger side door was scratched. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 15 at 7:30 a.m., EPD responded to a report of suspicious activity on Dickey Drive. Emory PoliceDispatch advised that a complainant observed a male kicking vehicles in the parking lot of the Rita AnneRollins Building. Emory University Hospital (EUH) Public Safety Department advised via radio that the subject may be a patient who had been discharged from emergency treatment earlier that morning. Anofficer observed a subject on Eagle Row matching a description of the suspicious person. When the officer approached the subject, the male began speaking rapidly and incoherently about "religiouswarfare," the officer reported. The man said he was hearing voices and was diagnosed withschizophrenia. Three witnesses observed the subject repeatedly kick the driver side rear door of a 2012Nissan Murano. Officers transported the subject to Grady Memorial Hospital's Behavioral HealthServices.On Oct. 16 at 10:33 a.m., an EPD officer was dispatched to the EPD lobby regarding a report of suspicious activity. The complainant, an Emory graduate student, reported that he received an error message on his laptop on Aug. 12 that prompted him to call an unknown number to fix an issue with hiscomputer. The complainant said he called the phone number and spoke with an unknown male who advised him that he could fix the issue for $1,500. The complainant made the payment to the company via his Chase Bank checking account, and shortly after, his lap top began working again. About two weeks after this initial interaction, another male contacted the complainant by phone, advising that there was another issue with his lap top that required the installation of remote access software. After the complainant downloaded the software on to his computer, the male advised him that the issue was fixed and that it cost another $1,500, but he would receive a refund of $1,400. The male said he needed access to the complainant's checking account to make the payment, and the complainant agreed to give the company access to his checking account. The complainant did not receive the refund and observed fraudulent activity on his Chase Bank checking account, including a transfer of $11,400 from his savings account to his checking account. The complainant transferred the money back to his savings account,uninstalled the software and shut down his computer. A few days later, the complainant began receivingtext messages asking that he turn his laptop back on, saying that failure to do so would result in his checking account being "zeroed out" and the incident being reported to the FBI. An officer called bothphone numbers the complainant reported and both corresponded to an unknown Magic Jack phoneaccount. The complainant told EPD he had not yet contacted Chase Bank regarding the fraudulent activity but planned to do so shortly. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 14 at 2:19 a.m., EPD was dispatched to 11-C Eagle Row, the Alpha Delta Pi (ADPi) sororitylodge, in reference to a person down due to alcohol. The complainant said she found the male subjectunconscious on the curb of the street and assisted him to her room. Officers found a fraudulent ID card in the subject's wallet. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene and provided the subject with medical attention. American Medical Response (AMR) arrived shortly after and transported the subject to EUH. Campus Life was notified about the incident.The post Crime Report | 10.24.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.