Former Atlanta Mayor Hospitalized at EmoryFormer Atlanta Mayor and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations (UN) Andrew Young was admitted to Emory University Hospital (EUH) on Wednesday afternoon and is receiving rest and treatment as of Friday morning, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Young was scheduled to deliver the keynote speech for the Fisk University (Tenn.) baccalaureate service on Sunday, but did not due to illness. Young's daughter, Andrea Young, told the AJC that her father ran a fever but "isrecovering well." Carolyn Young, his wife, did not specify Young's illness. Young spent three days at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center and will fly back to Atlanta to consult with personal physicians atEmory. Young was the U.S. ambassador to the UN from 1977 to 1979 and served as Atlanta mayorfrom 1982 to 1990.Emory Named No. 39 Best Employer in AmericaEmory ranked No. 39 out of 500 in a Forbes Magazine list of America's best employers, up from No. 105in 2017. Within the education industry, Emory ranked below No. 9 Harvard University (Mass.), No. 15Stanford University (Calif.), No. 18 Duke University (N.C.), No. 28 Michigan State University and No. 29Howard County Public Schools (Md.). Forbes and research firm Statista surveyed 30,000 American employees who were working at companies with at least 1,000 employees, according to Forbes. Thesurvey asked employees to rate how likely they would recommend their employer to others and to nominate organizations in industries outside the one they worked in.Emory Healthcare Close to Fnalizing Partnership with DeKalb MedicalEmory Healthcare and DeKalb Medical expect to finalize their strategic partnership within the next 100days after the Federal Trade Commission approved the partnership, according to a May 8 Universitypress release. The two parties initiated the partnership in November 2017 by signing a letter of intent.Emory Healthcare and DeKalb Medical will now file its application with the Georgia attorney general."This partnership means the communities we serve will benefit from an even stronger, accessible, highquality health care provider," President and CEO of Emory Healthcare Jonathan Lewin said in the pressrelease. "We look forward to a healthy future with our new colleagues from DeKalb Medical."Lash Named Chair of Department of EpidemiologyTimothy Lash was appointed Chair of the Rollins School of Public Health Department of Epidemiology,according to a May 4 University press release. Lash, who is also a program leader of the CancerPrevention and Control Research Program at the Winship Cancer Institute and an honorary professor of cancer epidemiology at Aarhus University (Denmark), is set to assume his position in June 2018. He served as a professor of epidemiology at Rollins for the past five years and is also a member of the American Association of Cancer Research and the Society for Epidemiologic Research. He received his doctorate and master's degree from the Boston University School of Public Health and the Boston University School of Medicine, respectively.Pitts Acquires Society of Biblical Literature ArchivesPitts Theology Library at the Candler School of Theology acquired the Society of Biblical Literature(SBL)'s archives in February, according to a May 3 University press release. The Atlanta-based SBL,which was founded in 1880, is "the oldest and largest learned society dedicated to the investigation of theBible" with more than 8,417 members in 96 countries, according to SBL's website. The archives were housed at the Drew Theological School at Drew University (N.J.), but moved to Emory. SBL ExecutiveDirector John F. Kutsko said that the decision to relocate the archive to Pitts was due to a combination offactors, such as Pitts' proximity to SBL headquarters, its past possession of two related organizations'archives and its digitization methods. The archives, which includes 445 document boxes and 2,345volumes of books, journals, meeting program books, administrative records and correspondence andpublications, can be accessed online via the Pitts' Archives and Manuscripts search page after mid-Mayor in person by scheduling an appointment to visit the Pitts Jeschke-Graham Reading Room. Pitts alsocurrently houses the archives of the American Academy of Religion (AAR) and the Association for Clinical Pastoral Education (ACPE).