T Cooper Joins Emory's Creative Writing ProgramAmerican novelist T Cooper has joined Emory's Creative Writing Program, according to a May 22 emailfrom Academic Program Coordinator Paula Vitaris to English and creative writing majors. Cooperpreviously worked at Emory as an adjunct professor during the 2014-2015 academic year. He has published eight books, including "The Beaufort Diaries" and "Lipshitz 6 or Two Angry Blondes," and another is set to be released in September. Cooper received a master of fine arts from Columbia University (N.Y.) and a bachelor's degree in English from Middlebury College (Vt.).Abrams Defeats Evans in Georgia Democratic Gubernatorial PrimaryGeorgia State Rep. Stacey Abrams (D-Atlanta) defeated former State House minority leader StaceyEvans in the May 22 Georgia Democratic gubernatorial primary election and will face either Lt. Gov.Casey Cagle or Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp in the general elections. Abrams received 76.5percent of the vote and Evans received 23.5 percent. Cagle received 39 percent and Kemp received25.5 percent. Since neither of the two Republicans achieved 50 percent of the vote, the two will face each other in a July 24 run-off. Abrams is the first black woman in the U.S. to be the nominee of a major political party in a governor's race. The general elections will be held on Nov. 6.Death of CDC Employee Timothy Cunningham Ruled a Suicide The death of Timothy Cunningham, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) researcherwho was found dead in the Chattahoochee River in April, was ruled a suicide on May 15 by Fulton County Chief Medical Examiner Jan Gorniak, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.Cunningham's family reported the 35 year old missing on Feb. 14 after they could not reach him by phone and he had left his dog unattended in his Atlanta home. Fishermen found his body on April 3. Atoxicology report revealed that Cunningham had marijuana in his system, the AJC reported. There were no signs of trauma, according to the AJC.Emory Investment Management Adds New Managing DirectorsEmory Investment Management (EIM) appointed two new managing directors after an April 11announcement that Srinivas "Srini" Pulavarti would become Emory's Chief Investment Officer. BeginningJuly 1, James Edwards will serve as managing director of investments and portfolio manager of equities,and Matthew Werner will serve as managing director of investments, according to a May 22 Universitypress release. Edwards currently works as the investment director at the University of California, LosAngeles (UCLA) Investment Company and previously worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers. He received his bachelor's and master's degree from Indiana University as well as an MBA from UCLA. Wernerworks as the director of public investments at Spider Management Company, the University ofRichmond's (Va.) endowment manager. He received a bachelor's degree from Pennsylvania State University and an MBA from the University of Richmond.Forbes Ranks Emory No. 39 Best Employer in U.S.Emory ranked No. 39 in Forbes' 2018 list of America's Best Employers, an increase from last year'sranking of No. 105. Four universities were ranked above Emory: Harvard University (Mass.), StanfordUniversity (Calif.), Duke University (N.C.) and Michigan State University. Emory also placed No. 7 onForbes' 2018 list of America's Best Employers for Diversity. Harvard was the only university to place ahead of Emory on the diversity ranking. Forbes worked with Statista, a research firm, to survey employee attitudes and demographics.North DeKalb Mall Owners Propose RebuildNorth DeKalb Mall may undergo a tear down and rebuild that would include new tenants including aCostco, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. An Emory shuttle runs between Woodruff Circleand North DeKalb Mall during the week. The development plans also call for a hotel, housing and more retail stores and restaurants. Owners expect the AMC movie theater and Burlington Co at Factory to remain following the rebuild, the AJC reported.