On Feb. 21 at 7:40 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a case regarding fleeing or attempting to elude police officers. An officer on patrol observed a yellow Toyota Prius with its hazardlights on stopped on the roadway. The officer had reason to believe that the vehicle was involved in several of the entering autos cases that occured over the past few weeks. The officer activated hisemergency equipment to approach the vehicle after observing the Prius on North Decatur Road nearBriarcliff Road. When the traffic light turned green for traffic on North Decatur Road, the Prius suddenlycrossed the double-yellow lines and drove on the wrong side of the road before turning left on to BriarcliffRoad. The officer turned on his lights and sirens in an attempt to conduct a traffic stop on the vehicle.Instead of stopping, the Prius passed a vehicle on the wrong side of the road and began to speed up,heading south on Briarcliff Road. The officer terminated the pursuit due to traffic. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 21 at 1:01 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a theft by taking. Thecomplainant reported that while she attended a fitness class at the Woodruff Physical Education Centerfrom 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., she placed her Gap jacket, car keys and wallet against a glass wall in theclassroom. When the class ended, she discovered her property missing. The wallet contained $20 incash, a debit card, a credit card and the student's Emory ID. The complainant later contacted EPD and reported that the property had been returned to her intact.On Feb. 21 at 4:41 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a theft by taking. Thecomplainant reported that between Feb. 6 and Feb. 15, his Serato turntable set and the metal box in which it was stored were stolen from the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity house, located at 18 Eagle Row.The student said he kept the boxed turntable set behind a sofa on the first floor for safe keeping while he was on vacation for Mardi Gras. The turntable set and metal box are valued at $900. The complainant later contacted EPD and reported that the property had been returned to him intact.On Feb. 22 at 2:05 p.m., EPD responded to an anonymous report from a Campus Security authorityregarding a forcible sex offense at the Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE) fraternity house, located at 10 Eagle Row.The incident was first disclosed to the Campus Security Authority on Feb. 21.On Feb. 22 at 7:44 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding theft by taking. Thestudent reported that at 4 p.m. Feb. 8, he placed seven $100 bills in the right pocket of a black suit and hung the jacket in his bedroom closet at Clairmont Tower. When he checked his pocket again Feb. 22 at5 p.m., the complainant discovered the money missing. The complainant reported that his spare car key and the debit card he previously left in the same pocket were still there. The complainant also reported that both the front door to his apartment and the door to his bedroom are usually left unlocked. CampusLife has been notified about the incident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 23 at 9:20 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the Robert W. Woodruff Library regardingsuspicious activity. The complainant, an Emory student, reported that she was studying in a room on the sixth floor of the library when a man approached her to participate in a survey about being barefoot, as he was trying to develop a more comfortable shoe "that felt more like walking barefoot." The complainant agreed to participate in the survey. The suspect gave the complainant a handwritten survey before saying that there was also a physical aspect to the questionnaire. The suspect claimed he needed to measure the strength and flexibility of her feet, and asked the student to push against his fist with herfeet, spread her toes and manipulate her feet. While the complainant moved her feet, the suspectphotographed her feet in different positions. The suspect also asked the complainant if she could do anything abnormal with her feet, and whether they smelled. The suspect then asked the complainant for her email address for follow up questions. She provided it to him. The suspect was described as a black male with a slender build in his late 20s to early 30s with crooked teeth, wearing a black or dark greyshirt.The complainant said she sent a text message to her friend to tell him about the survey and asked him to come to the room because the survey was "getting weird." After the complainant's friend arrived, the suspect also asked him to participate in the survey. He refused. The complainant reported that she did not feel unsafe, just "weird." The complainant and her friend not believe the subject was an Emorystudent. The case has been assigned to an investigator.