Our Pick: Kylee BorgerNow a year into the Graduate Student Government Association's (GSGA) tumultuous split from the Student Government Association (SGA), GSGA would benefit from strong leadership. The Editorial Board believes GSGA presidential candidate Kylee Borger's (19PH) practical proposals and legislative experience make her the right choice. Borger stands out among her opponents and is dedicated to shaping a government that is committed to transparency. For these reasons, the Editorial Boardunanimously endorses Borger for GSGA president.Borger is one of the few GSGA legislators this past year to push for an initiative to improve the lives ofstudents. She proposed a resolution, which was passed unanimously, to request Universityadministration to adopt a partnership with Tapingo, a food or dering service, to facilitate campus diningdelivery.Borger's platform demonstrates a "commitment to transparency." This is a tired formula from politicians,who promise transparency while campaigning but fail to follow through when they enter office. ButBorger's specific proposals to increase transparency could lead to a more open student government.First, she proposes immediately releasing all GSGA documents on OrgSync. This is a much-neededpromise from GSGA, as the organization has not updated its website since April 2017 and does not have a publicly accessible updated list of legislators. Additionally, Borger wants to release quarterly GSGAcommittee reports and open legislative meetings to the public, which would inform the student body of the operations of the legislature. These goals are feasible and verifiable. If Borger fails to release aquarterly report, the Wheel and graduate students can hold GSGA accountable.Borger also plans to increase interaction between divisional schools by organizing more graduate student mixers. Once again, this is a feasible solution to a larger issue — a lack of camaraderie amonggraduate schools.Though Borger's opponents exhibit some redeeming qualities, Sydney Kaplan's (19L) platform contains too many unrealistic goals and Sakinah Watts (19B) has not demonstrated that she is capable for the role of president. Kaplan, who calls for free printing and on-campus housing for graduate students, does not have plans for funding these ambitious endeavors, especially when she also hopes to host other events like graduate student olympics. When asked where she would get the money, she demonstrated a lack of knowledge of financial procedures and suggested asking the University administration for financial support. Though Borger and Kaplan both suggested on-campus housing options for graduatestudents, we caution voters to evaluate the feasibility of this grandiose proposal. Although Wattsproposed family-friendly initiatives during the Wheel Debates and has worked in Fortune 500 companies,her vague platform falls short.Borger's experience and practical proposals make her the best choice for GSGA president, and her election would work toward establishing a strong foundation for a post-split GSGA.