Non-GMO, gluten-free, organic, Georgia-grown and plant-based. If you want a kick of sweetness without the calories or the guilt, the newest stand at the Emory Farmers Market, Olympus Greek Teas, has the perfect beverage for you. Located across from Doggy Dogg and Revolution Doughnuts, the be veragestand sells four flavors of their naturally caffeinated drinks for $3 each: "Yia Yia's Sweetie," "The O.G.(Original Greek)," "Blueberry Citrus" and "Strawbee Lemonade." The stand accepts card, cash or DooleyDollars as payment.As I walked up to the table, the vendor greeted me warmly and explained each beverage displayed on the wooden stand. Upon her recommendation, the vendor pulled bottles of "Blueberry Citrus" and"Strawbee Lemonade" from an ice bucket for me. When I twisted open the bottles, I was delighted to hear a satisfying "pop" as the air escaped. Still chilled from the ice bath, "Blueberry Citrus" and"Strawbee Lemonade" tasted subtle and distinct. "Blueberry" was slightly more bitter and tangy, while"Strawbee" tasted more like a classic strawberry lemonade. Both were pleasantly sweet without beingsickening, and tasted natural and fresh.The smooth glass bottles presented the drinks cleanly. Each bottle is covered by a black-and-white labelwith pops of bold color to illustrate the beverage's main ingredient. A silver plate proudly showcased thecompany's victory at the University of Georgia 2018 Flavor of Georgia food and beverage contest.Every Olympus juice shares a common ingredient: Sideritis. According to the company's website, theSideritis plant is used in traditional Greek teas and offers several health benefits, including lowered bloodpressure, reduced digestive inflammation and natural antioxidants. During the brewing process, theSideritis is "kept whole and unprocessed [and] then traditionally brewed and steeped like tea allowing for purity and potency." The original "O.G." flavor, an unsweetened tea that most strongly showcases theSideritis plant, consists of just three components: water, sideritis tea and citric acid. The sweetened teascontain a few more natural ingredients, including fruit purees, agave and lemon juice.Based in Atlanta, Olympus Greek Teas offers a quintessential natural, homegrown charm. Their plantbased drinks are refreshingly authentic and unrefined in the best way possible, with few naturalingredients. The next time I stroll through the farmers market on a Tuesday morning, I'll definitely stop by the Olympus tent to grab a bottle of the tart "Blueberry Citrus" tea.4.5/5 starsThe post Olympus Brews Up Fresh Flavors appeared first on The Emory Wheel.