From quarterback duels in Atlanta to remarkable upsets in Minneapolis and Detroit, NFL Week Threewas a roller coaster ride: thrilling, unpredictable and truly entertaining. It all started with a Thursday night thriller that featured two young, up-and-coming teams: the New York Jets and the Cleveland Browns.The Jets took control of the first half, leading 14-3 at halftime. But in the second half, Browns quarterbackBaker Mayfield, the first overall selection in the 2018 NFL Draft, replaced a concussed quarterbackTyrod Taylor and played a nearly perfect game. Mayfield led the Browns to their first win in 635 days,meaning that Bud Light provided Browns fans with free beer. After Thursday night's exciting game,Sunday did not fail to entertain. Arguably one of the most thrilling games of the year between the New Orleans Saints and the Atlanta Falcons, epic performances from Saints quarterback Drew Brees andFalcons quarterback Matt Ryan were the high light of Sunday's game. The two former MVPs' stats for the game combined to account for 10 total touchdowns, 770 passing yards and zero interceptions.Ultimately, the game came down to a coin flip with the teams tied 37-37 at the end of the fourth quarter,resulting in 10 minutes of overtime. The Saints won the coin toss at the beginning of overtime, meaning that a touchdown by Brees and the Saints offense would win the game. Ultimately, Brees orchestrated amasterful 80-yard touchdown drive capped off by a 1-yard quarterback sneak to win the game. EvenFalcons Head Coach Dan Quinn tipped his cap to both offenses. "I thought both offenses lit [the field] up,"Quinn said, according to a Saints press release. "They certainly got hot." The Kansas City Chiefs built off of their first two wins and further stake their claim as the NFL's best team this season on Sunday. Whatthe Chiefs' offense has done this season is truly remarkable. Through three games, the Chiefs havescored 15 offensive touchdowns, tying them with the 1998 49ers and the 2013 Broncos for the most touchdowns through the first three games of the year since the AFL-NFL merger in 1966. They join the2007 Patriots as the only team since 1970 to score five or more touchdowns in each of their first threegames. While the Chiefs cemented their status among the NFL elite, other Super Bowl contendersflopped and lost to less talented teams with poor records. Those expected NFL powerhouses includedthe Minnesota Vikings, the New England Patriots and the Jacksonville Jaguars who lost to the BuffaloBills, Detroit Lions and Tennessee Titans, respectively. The most shocking upset was the Vikings' loss to the Bills, as the Vikings were favored by 16 and a half points and were playing in their home stadium.The Bills blew out the Vikings by 21 points as the host team failed to pass the 50-yard line until the second half against a Bills defense that had allowed 47 points in Week One and 33 points in Week Two.Vikings Head Coach Mike Zimmer offered a blunt assessment of the loss. "I don't think we took [theBills] too lightly," Zimmer said, according to a post game statement. "I think they came out and kicked ourbutts." The NFL rarely ever ceases to produce exciting, dramatic and action-packed games. This week was no different. From explosive offenses to remarkable upsets, fans are left wanting more fromarguably the most popular sport in America and eagerly anticipate exciting game play in Week Four.The post NFL Week 3 Rife With Upsets, Excitement appeared first on The Emory Wheel.