The 2018-19 school year has introduced new faces to the Emory Athletics coaching staff, adding HeadDiving Coach Michael "Mike" Haun and Head Softball Coach Adrianna Baggetta to the roster.Head Diving Coach Michael "Mike" HaunAfter the departure of former Head Diving Coach Alexandre Kossenkov over the summer, Haun bringshis collegiate diving experience and enthusiasm for the sport to his new role. A former diver at North Carolina State University, Haun currently works as a safety coordinator at the Atlanta Community FoodBank and has coached at Henry W. Grady High School and North Atlanta High School for the past twoyears. He received his MBA at Georgia College and State University and his bachelor's degree in business management at North Carolina State. [caption id="attachment_28596" align="alignleft"width="268"] Courtesy of Michael Haun[/caption] "Mike really stood out just because he's so enthusiastic and really committed to the student athletes we have here and the community we've built," Swimming and Diving Head Coach Jon Howell said. "He really is excited to dive in and to see what he can do with the program." Although the season will not officially start until late September, Haun has already set highgoals with this year's diving squad. The past two seasons saw top marks from individual divers. JuniorTrevor Burke earned third and second place in the three-meter and one-meter competitions,respectively, at the 2017 UAA Swimming and Diving Championships. Sophomore Katie Kushner earnedsecond place at the 2018 UAA Championships for the one-meter diving competition and finished eighth in the three-meter. "We want to continue the high performance in the conference championships and theNCAAs and have the success that we've enjoyed in previous years," Haun said. "We want to continue that championship tradition." Howell expressed his desire to see the diving team succeed nationallyalongside the swimming team and affirmed his belief in Haun's abilities to reach that goal. "[Our goal is]to get [the diving program] to a national stage that's on par with the swimming program," Howell said."We've had divers as individuals who've done that, but I think with Mike's leadership and his enthusiasm,we can really help that program really take a step forward, and I think it'll benefit the swimming and divingteam as a whole."Head Softball Coach Adrianna Baggetta[caption id="attachment_28597" align="alignright" width="212"] Courtesy of Emory Athletics[/caption]Formerly the associate head coach of the University of Iowa softball team, Baggetta touts Division I national recruiting experience and a solid understanding of the Emory student athlete in her new role asEmory's head softball coach, replacing former Head Coach Penny Siqueiros. Baggetta spent the past 16years as a Division I coach, split equally between the University of Iowa and the University of South Carolina where she was also a team member from 1999 to 2002. "[We were looking for] somebody who… can help people grow and who also understands the importance of academics," Clyde Partin SeniorDirector of Athletics Michael Vienna said. "We want success certainly in terms of wins and losses, butfirst and foremost, [someone who] understands that the athletics program is part and parcel of a largerEmory education." Coming from Division I and Division III schools, Baggetta noted that both environments had a similar emphasis on academics. "It's still the same mindset," Baggetta said. "We'restill here to be champions in the class room and on the field." Last year, the Eagles clinched their 11thUAA Championship title after a 7-1, 6-3 doubleheader victory against New York University on April 27.Their season ended during the NCAA DIII tournament, eliminated only after a 5-2 loss to MaryvilleCollege (Tenn.) on May 12. Baggetta hopes to build off the momentum from the team's success. "Iappreciate and put a lot of value on what has already been built as a soft ball program," Baggetta said."I'm looking forward to moving this program to where it's a national contender year in and year out."The post New Coaches Join Diving, Softball appeared first on The Emory Wheel.