Ever since Epic Games added a battle royal e mode to "Fortnite" in September 2017, the game has taken over the world — more than 100 million players have logged hours into the competitive multiplayerexperience, and "Fortnite" streamers and creators on YouTube and Twitch have broken numerous viewand follower records, garnering the attention of news stations, celebrities and businesses. But this"Fortnite" craze may soon wind down, as developers are releasing an abundance of new and promising games that offer everything from enthralling storylines to competitive multiplayer. Here are the top fiveanticipated games coming out this fall.5. "Fallout 76" (Nov. 14)[caption id="attachment_28430" align="alignright" width="342"] Courtesy of Bethesda GameStudios[/caption] Developer Bethesda Game Studios has been an open-world giant for years, producinghits like "Fallout 3" (2008) and "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" (2011). However, "Fallout 76" is taking an alternate approach to the games we know and love: it will be solely multiplayer. Set in West Virginia 25years after a nuclear strike, "Fallout 76" will have a map four times larger than that of "Fallout 4" (2015)and will offer crafting, perks and player options to opt in or out of player-versus-player and player-versusenvironment. Bethesda is taking a risk by putting out an online RPG and venturing from its comfortable,single-player games that have received consistent remarkable reviews. But if this plan is implementedcorrectly, we could have something akin to "RuneScape" in Fall out form, captivating players' interest for years to come.4. "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate" (Dec. 7)[caption id="attachment_28429" align="alignright" width="345"] Courtesy of Bandai NamcoEntertainment[/caption] Super Smash Bros. has been a staple of casual hangouts since 1999. The game has evolved from its base model, with more maps, combos and characters (including Snake, whooriginates from the PlayStation). Players will be able to use returning characters, such as Link and Kirby,or experiment with new faces, such as Inkling and Ridley. With movement speed somewhere between that of "Project M" (2013); a mod for "Brawl" (2008); and "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U" (2014), playerscan expect high intensity gameplay. Developer Bandai Namco Entertainment has also added EchoFighters, which mirror another character but use different taunts, animations and final smashes. Upon the release of "Ultimate," friendly rivalries will emerge once again.3. "Spyro Reignited Trilogy" (Nov. 13)[caption id="attachment_28431" align="alignright" width="343"] Courtesy of Toys For Bob[/caption] When I got my hands on the "Spyro Reignited Trilogy" demo, I was instantly mesmerized by developer ToysFor Bob's ability to translate the original PlayStation's Spyro the Dragon trilogy on to current-generationtechnology. The Toasty and Tree Tops levels featured beautiful graphics and receptive controls while still respecting the original game. The developers made a smart move by allowing players to switch betweenStewart Copeland's remastered and original soundtracks, allowing fans of the original series to be completely immersed in nostalgia whenever they desire. Considering the release date has been delayed,Toys For Bob will have plenty of time to touch up small details and release a game that fans of the original Spyro trilogy can be proud of and enjoy.2. "Call of Duty: Black Ops 4" (Oct. 12)[caption id="attachment_28432" align="alignright" width="342"] Courtesy of Treyarch[/caption] With the recent end of the multiplayer beta, developer Treyarch is clearly keen on creating a game that offers a completely new experience while remaining true to its series' roots. "Black Ops 4" exhibits a brand new health system. Players have 50 percent more health. Rather than automatically regenerating health,players inject themselves with a syringe, a novel addition that alters the way gunfights play out. Alongwith a diverse array of weapons and maps, responsive controls, high-end graphics and crisp audio, thegame's multiplayer mode will bring competition and enjoyment back to Call of Duty. Though lacking a campaign mode, "Black Ops 4" will introduce Blackout, a battle royal e mode in which the last playerstanding wins. Citing inspiration from games like "H1Z1" (2018) and "Fortnite Battle Royale," gamers can get their hands on the Black out bet a in September 2018. Assuming Treyarch puts a new twist on the battle royale genre that differentiates it from the others that are so popular at the moment, Blackout is likely to see long-term success. Hopefully, "Black Ops 4" will provide the innovative and balancedgameplay mechanics that Call of Duty has desperately needed.1. "The Last of Us Part II" (Late 2018/Early 2019)[caption id="attachment_28433" align="alignright" width="340"] Courtesy of Naughty Dog[/caption]Developer Naughty Dog redefined adventure gaming with "The Last of Us" (2013). Enthrallingstorytelling, smooth gameplay, gritty animations and graphics coalesced to create one of the most memorable gaming experiences on the PlayStation. "The Last of Us Part II" is supposed to improve upon each of those elements, and the 2018 E3 gameplay trailer gave fans a taste of what's to come. Inthe trailer, protagonist Ellie, who has grown up from her innocence in "The Last of Us," witnesses brutalhangings, anxiously sneaks around enemies and escapes death by a hair. Animations and audio feelreal — Ellie ducks and dodges when being shot at, and even the smallest movements are audible. Very little information has been released, but just under 12 minutes of game play have showcased the game'scryptic, terrifying and detailed characteristics. Without a doubt, "The Last of Us Part II" is set to be one of Naughty Dog's most ambitious games to date.The post Upcoming Games: The Risky to the Gritty appeared first on The Emory Wheel.