Judge Upholds Full Restoration of DACAA D.C. federal judge upheld an order to the U.S. government to restore and continue acceptingapplications for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program after finding that the Trumpadministration has failed to provide adequate reason to end the program, according to court documents.The DACA program, which President Donald J. Trump's administration rescinded on Sept. 5, 2017,deferred deportation and issued temporary education and work permits for undocumented immigrants who came to the United States before their 16th birthday.Separate lawsuits in California and New York resulted in judges or dering continuation of the program but did not require the government to accept new applications, according to the New York Times. Anotherlawsuit in Texas is expected to issue a ruling this week. Emory and 18 other universities filed an amicusbrief on July 20 for the lawsuit in Texas supporting the continuation of DACA, arguing that students protected under DACA at their institutions are gifted and rescinding DACA harms other students, the universities and the country. — Richard ChessEmory Grad Dies After Shooting on I-20Rodrigo Castillo (08B), 33, was fatally shot while he was driving on I-20 on Aug. 3, according to Atlantapolice. The police do not have any suspects as of Friday. At Emory, Castillo was a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity. After he graduated from Emory, he earned an MBA from the Arizona StateUniversity's Thunderbird School of Global Management. He was an avid member of CaffeinatedCrossFit in Mableton, Ga. "Rodrigo was funny, kind, and uplifting. I am going to miss his smile and sense of humor. I hope for peace and justice for Rodrigo and his family and friends. He is loved and trulymissed," another member posted in remembrance of Castillo.Emory College tweeted on Friday, "We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Rodrigo Castillo, 08C. Emory joins with Rodrigo's family and friends in asking any one with information to contact the Atlanta Police Department." A GoFundMe forCastillo and his family has already garnered more than $16,000.We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Rodrigo Castillo, 08C. Emory joins with Rodrigo's family and friends in asking any one with information to contact the Atlanta Police Department.https://t.co/wlMOPWQbdW— Emory College (@emorycollege) August 10, 2018Emory Files Amicus Brief in Harvard Diversity LawsuitEmory and 15 other universities filed an amicus brief on July 30 to support Harvard University (Mass.) in its lawsuit and defend the use of race as a factor in the admissions process. Students For FairAdmissions (SFFA) sued Harvard in 2014, alleging racial discrimination against Asian-Americans during the admissions process. In its complaint, SFFA alleged that Harvard and other top universities use a coordinated quota for Asian-American students and rate Asian-American applicants lower on personalitytraits.The 16 universities said in the amicus brief that a ruling against Harvard in allowing race as a factor in admissions would hinder diversity. "Student body diversity is essential to achieving the educationalmission" and enforcing a rule on how colleges evaluate candidates would be an "extraordinary intrusion,"the brief argued. In addition to Emory, the filers include the rest of the Ivy League and nine other private universities — Case Western Reserve University (Ohio), Duke University (N.C.), George Washington University (D.C.), Johns Hopkins University (Md.), the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, StanfordUniversity (Calif.), Vanderbilt University (Tenn.) and Washington University in St. Louis (Mo.).Princeton Review Ranks Emory No. 1 in Quality of Life Princeton Review ranked Emory No. 1 in its 2019 quality of life survey. The study also ranked EmoryNo. 9 for dorms, No. 10 for student satisfaction, No. 11 for location, No. 12 for town-gown relations, No.15 for beautiful campus, No. 19 for classroom experience No. 20 for science lab facilities and No. 20 forhealth services. For the quality of life survey, Princeton Review surveys students and factors "students'assessments of their overall happiness; the beauty, safety and location of the campus; the comfort ofdorms; the quality of the food; the ease of getting around campus and dealing with administrators; thefriendliness of fellow students; the interaction of different student types; and the quality of the school'srelationship with the local community," according to an Aug. 7 University press release. — RichardChessEUH Johns Creek Plans Major ExpansionEmory Johns Creek Hospital is planning a $61 million expansion to its facilities, according to a letter of intent filed with the state on July 19. The two-story, 84,000 square foot addition will include 21 inpatientacute care beds, 19 observation beds, non-clinical space and a two-chair inpatient dialysis room,according to the letter.Eight Charged in Bangladesh ShootingBangladesh police charged eight militants for the July 2016 Dhaka cafe terrorist attack that left 22 peopledead, two of whom were Emory students Abinta Kabir and Faraaz Hossain, according to Reuters.Bangladesh police also freed British suspect Hasnat Karim, who was detained since the attack, after being unable to find any links between him and the attack. The eight militants belong to Jamaat-ulMujahideen Bangladesh, a local jihadist group aligned with the Islamic State, according to Reuters. TheIslamic State claimed responsibility for the attack in 2016 but Bangladesh denied the group and any other foreign group's involvement.UPDATE (8/10/18 at 11 a.m.): This article was updated to include a brief on Castillo.CORRECTION (8/9/18 at 2:15 a.m.): The article previously stated that U.S. News & World Reportconducted recent surveys on Emory. Princeton Review conducted the surveys.CORRECTION (8/10/18 at 4:23 p.m.): The brief about Castillo was corrected to reflect the correct date he died. He died on Aug. 3, not Aug. 6.