You might be able to be at the heat, but you won't be able to defeat the sweet beats we're laying at yourfeet. That's right — the associate editors, associated after a sonic summer apart, are back to blow your world with some magical musical musings. Here are our favorite albums of the summer. Bladee - "RedLight" Bladee's latest offering is an atmospheric, immaculately melodic vision of what cloud rap (or hiphop or pop, even) can and should be. Longtime Drain Gang producer White Arm or continues to prove himself light-years ahead of his contemporaries — massive, perfectly sculpted synth washes floodthrough ethereal bells on songs like "Golden Boy" or "Nike Just Do It," while beautifully-colored leadsdance over tightly-sequenced percussion and rolling basslines on "Hex" and the lead single "Decay." But no matter what any one else tries to tell you, Bladee's autotuned, lush vocals and distinctive lyricism are essential to what's going on here. This is music that's clearly made for the artists' enjoyment as much as the listeners'. There's an implicit invitation to join in that fun, but you miss it by taking this album (andyourself, as far as taste is reflection) too seriously. If you can't laugh at lines like "walk on water, JesusChrist/walk on ice" you're missing the point. While Bladee's discography definitely contains other more ambitious and interesting projects, "Red Light" is a blast. Igloohost - "Clear Tamei" and "Steel Mogu" Forhis Aug. 8 simultaneous release of two perfectly bite-sized EPs, Igloohost already wins the best-releaseformat-of-the-year award. The two albums are split into darker and lighter themes that are visuallytransmitted by the album covers. Sonically, this doesn't translate to vastly different experiences. Bothare hyper-kinetic and sound like celebrations on another world, but "Clear Tamei" has the clearly brightervoice and melodic focus, whereas "Steel Mogu" has more of a nightclub-esque, rougher atmosphere."New Vectors" on the first EP features Igloohost dancing through dynamic registers with perfect fluidity,every breakdown brought together by beautifully distorted vocal and orchestral sampling. In comparison,"Steel Mogu" feels a more like a melodically mixed bag, but one that's brought together by the generous usage of harsher saw tones and sirens over punishing break sequences, especially on the titular trackand "Niteracer." Travis Scott - "ASTROWORLD" In an interview with Rolling Stone, Travis Scott's A&RExecutive Sickamore revealed that Scott got Stevie Wonder to collaborate on this album after performing at Wonder's son's birthday party. Scott's Goizueta-esque networking culture is what gave birth toAstroworld, a rap album that exhibits the pinnacles of modern music, from the psychedelic, synth-heavysamples of Tame Impala's Kevin Parker on "Skeletons" to the incisive, soulful pipes of James Blake on"Stop Trying To Be God." The album's namesake is a reference to a once-thriving amusement park inHouston, and it fittingly embodies theme-park eclecticism. For me, this multivariate approach is what best constitutes a summer album — it capitalizes on the sense of freedom one feels during the season.On one hand, the likes of "Sicko Mode" instantly hype up any car when cranked up to full volume. On theother, the slower tempo and repetitive synth motifs of "Stargazing" with the album's signature trapbasslines and beats coagulate into a psychedelic headbanger. Whether you are staying up until midnightstudying to the coffee table tunes of "Coffee Bean" or drinking to "NC-17" at Maggie's when your roommate requests a room change, Astroworld is there for you every step of the way, as it provides hiphop that is both progressive and accessible. Kamasi Washington - "Heaven and Earth" Prior to listening to Kamasi Washington's "Heaven and Earth," the only jazz I could admit to listening to in great detail was the Coffee Table Jazz playlist on Spotify. As a new bie to the jazz world, I was taken aback by the sheer level of cinematic detail put into Washington's June offering. The album opener "Fists of Fury," a rendition of the song from the titular Bruce Lee movie, blends the soulful voices of Patrice Quinn and DwightTrible. In conjunction with the earthy brass, epic strings, foundational bassline and percussion, theirvocals come together in a multifarious anthem of war, equally cathartic as the song in the context of themovie. Washington's capability to give any song he wants a motion-picture soundtrack feeling isimpressive. In "Can You Hear Him," he seamlessly builds to this cinematic epicness from just a simple piano motif, his roaring saxophone a screaming display of energy and passion that organicallysuperimposes upon Washington's tightly engineered orchestra. This is exemplified in the second half of the album. Washington's prodigal ten or saxophone abilities are given room to show-off, from the warpedbassline of "Street Fighter Mas" to the ridiculously complex drums in the second half of "The Psalmnist".Heaven and Earth is a technically perfect album but if — like us — you don't have a jazzy bone in yourbody, there is much to be appreciated in the filmic atmosphere he creates with an orchestra and tenorsax.The post Mic Check: Wheel Weighs in on Bangers of the Summer appeared first on The Emory Wheel.