On March 29 at 12:18 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding possession of marijuana. The Residence Life Coordinator (RLC) of Evans Hall reported that he saw two students smoking through an open window. He knocked on their door and, after speaking with them, heconfiscated a marijuana grinder and a glass marijuana pipe. He also had the students dump out beer and liquor that he found in their room. When the EPD officer arrived, he asked the students if they had any more marijuana in their possession. One of the students said yes and gave the officer a small bag containing marijuana that he said belonged to him. The officer issued the student who was in possession of the bag an Atlanta arrest citation for possession of marijuana. The RLC said he would handle the alcohol violation through the conduct process. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On March 29 at 12:46 p.m., EPD responded to a call in Dobbs Hall regarding a theft. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that on March 29 between 10 a.m. and 12:50 p.m., another student entered his room and stole two Xbox One controllers, two rechargeable batteries for the controllers and a wooden mallet. Both students are members of the same fraternity. The complainant said he left his door unlocked before going to class. The complainant said that he checked Snapchat while he was in class and saw a series of Snapchat posts in which the other student stated the complainant stole two of hisXbox controllers. The other student then entered the complainant's room, discovered the controllers he claimed were his and took them. The student admitted to taking the controllers, but he didn't mention the batteries or the mallet. The complainant said the other student was lying about owning the controllers.The complainant said one of the controllers came with the console and sent the officer his Ebaypurchase history to prove his ownership. The complainant said the other student has had a number of behavioral and conduct issues within the fraternity, and some of the comments made in the Snapchatand text conversations were concerning. The complainant said he blocked the other student's phonenumber, told him to never contact him again and plans to file for a restraining order against him. The total value of the items stolen is $230. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 31 at 12:45 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding property damage at the Kappa Sigma house, located at 20 Eagle Row. The complainant reported that on March 31 at 1:30a.m., he noticed that the back glass door of the house was damaged. He said there were several people at the house the night before who stayed until the early hours of March 31, but he does not know who caused the damage. There were broken pieces of cement on the ground beneath the scratched door.The complainant said he believed some one used the pieces of cement to cause the damage. The officer called Facilities Management to inspect the damages. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 31 at 1:59 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding property damage to a motor vehicle. The complainant reported that on March 30, he parked his red 2014 Kia Forteovernight in the parking lot at 20 Eagle Row, the Kappa Sigma house. On March 31 at 11:30 a.m., he noticed that there were several scratches on the left side of his vehicle, and it appeared that someone had scrubbed the paint off of his vehicle in some areas. The complainant said he does not know who caused the damage to his vehicle, but thinks the incident may be related to damage to the back door of the house. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 1 at 3:06 a.m., EPD responded to a call from a resident adviser (RA) regarding a fight between two Emory students in Evans Hall. Emory Police Dispatch advised officers that the fight had started between two males, one of whom appeared to be drunk. When the officer arrived, he heard yelling on the second floor hallway and observed the two students facing each other in a verbal altercation. There was a subject between the two students keeping them physically apart. The officer spoke with the firststudent, who said the second student had been speaking badly of another student. The first studentconfronted the second student, but the conversation escalated to a verbal altercation in which both students were using vulgar language, according to the first student. The first student stated the conversation never escalated into a physical altercation. The officer observed that the first student appeared to be slightly intoxicated. The second student reported that the first student came to his room and began yelling at him for being abusive and committing domestic violence. The second student said that the first student pushed him while his back was turned during the verbal altercation, and he pushed him back in self-defense. Two male students, who were guests in the second student's room, restrainedthe first student and the two students continued to engage in a verbal dispute. The case has been assigned to an investigator. Campus Life was notified about the incident. At 3:40 a.m., while EPD wasresponding to a fight that broke out in Evans Hall, officers also filed a separate report for simple assault.The RA who was on the scene stated that while calling EPD, the second student called the first student adegenerate. The RA said he feared for his safety and had not decided if he would pursue criminalprosecution. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On April 1 at 7:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding harassing communications. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that he had been having on going issues with another Emory student. OnApril 1 at 6 p.m., the complainant said that he spoke with an Emory alumnus who had a phone conversation with the second student. The second student spoke with the alumnus on the phone and told him that he and the complainant would need to make amends or the complainant's brains would end upon the floor. The complainant also heard mention of a possible fire arm during his conversation with the former student. The complainant said he had become fearful for his safety due to this incident and prior communications with the student. The case has been assigned to an investigator. Campus Life was notified about the incident.