Sandor Named Emory Communications DirectorDavid B. Sandor has been appointed as Emory's senior vice president of communications and public affairs and began working on March 19, according to a March 12 University press release. Sandor has worked in communications since 1986 and was most recently employed by Blue Cross/Blue Shield,according to his LinkedIn. In the press release, Sander said that he "[looks] forward to workingcollaboratively across the University to ensure we build a strong Emory identity and reach out throughinnovative platforms to our many constituents around the world." Sandor replaces Vince Dollard, who held the position as interim. Dollard will return to his previous position as associate vice president ofWoodruff Health Sciences Communications. — Richard ChessCongress Pledges $4.6B to Fight Opioid CrisisCongress has appropriated nearly $4.6 billion to fight the opioid epidemic, according to the WashingtonPost. In 2016, more than 42,000 Americans died from opioid overdose, the Post reported. PresidentDonald J. Trump also vowed to cut opioid prescriptions by one-third within three years, according to the Wall Street Journal. To achieve this, Trump requested that the Justice Department increase deathpenalty cases against drug traffickers and expand the availability of overdose-reversal medication, theJournal reported.Emory Healthcare Forges Health Partnership with Atlanta FalconsA recent partnership between Emory Healthcare and the Atlanta Falcons designates Emory as the official team health care provider for the Atlanta Falcons, according to a March 8 University pressrelease. Duties included in the new job vary from on-field physicians helping injured players during the game to regular check-ups, according to the release. Emory Healthcare is also the medical provider for the Atlanta Braves, the Atlanta Hawks and the Atlanta Dream.Earth Fare to Close March 31, Keba Closes Without NoticeEarth Fare in Emory Point is set to close permanently on March 31. An Earth Fare spokesperson saidthe "real estate concerns associated with [the] location have proven too difficult to overcome," according to What Now Atlanta. KEBA in Emory Village has also permanently closed with no prior notice. The space is now being marketed for lease. KEBA is the second restaurant in Emory Village to close in the past academic year, as Slice and Pint closed in December 2017. Slice and Pint's former space is stillvacant.Scandal Causes $70B Drop in Facebook Stock; Zuckerberg to TestifyCambridge Analytica, a political data firm associated with President Donald J. Trump's electioncampaign, used Facebook to retrieve personal data from about 50 million users in order to "identify thepersonalities of American voters and influence their behavior," according to the New York Times. The data compiled by Cambridge Analytica varied from users' likes to information from their digital profiles.Users' personal information was used to target them with personalized digital ads. The firm obtained data by asking users to take a personality survey and connect their profiles to their Facebook accounts,which would then scrape information from an individual and their friends' profiles without the user'sknowledge. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg apologized to consumers with multiple newspaper ads in Britain and America after the stock for the social media network plummeted $70 billion, according to theTimes. On March 27, Zuckerberg agreed to testify on Facebook's privacy practices before Congress,according to CNN.Bell Hooks Lecture CanceledFeminist theorist bell hooks has canceled her April 5 appearance at Emory University due to healthproblems, according to a March 27 email from Candler School of Theology Events Manager AliceTarkington. Hooks was supposed to lecture on "Ending Dominator Culture: Resisting Patriarchy." The event has not been rescheduled as of March 27, according to the email.'Conversations on the Quad' to Take Place April 5Emory University President Claire E. Sterk has announced a "Conversations on the Quad" event that will take place on April 5 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on the Quadrangle. The event will begin with an address from Sterk and conversations will center around "Building a Culture of Innovation at Emory." More than150 chairs will be arranged in groups with refreshments and "conversation starter" materials, includingnovels, articles and quotes surrounding a particular topic.