B lack Friday has come and gone, and we are just days away from winter break, but there is still time to order and wrap a gift that proves you're the greatest friend since Mr. Rogers. Check out these gift ideas for the friends you might be thinking about this December.Your Friend Who "Gyms"If your friend always seems to be coming from or heading to the Woodruff Physical Education Center(WoodPEC), chances are they'll appreciate a gift that supports their commitment to health and fitness.Check out a duffle bag from Herschel Supply Co. that lets them carry everything they need to stay swolland to look good doing it. If your friend loves to run, chances are they'll love a head lamp as we approach the winter solstice and the days get darker. They'll also need outerwear to stay warm as the temperatures plummet. Check out a light, functional women's down vest from Uniqlo for the femalefitness fanatic in your life.Your Friend Who Loves TechEverybody knows some one who always seems to have the latest gadgets. If they don't have themalready, a pair of noise-canceling earphones is a must for any one looking to take advantage of cutting edge audio technology. The Sony WH-1000XM2 noise-canceling headphones compete with the likes ofBose but offer a much lower (albeit still steep) price point at $220 if you're willing to purchase refurbished.Also check out the $15 Tile Tracker if you're looking for a low-cost gift for a buddy. These tiles can attach to various valuables like keys, wallets or phones, and use GPS tracking to ensure you never lose your keys again. If your friend happens to have every gadget known to man, you can always go old school and buy a book. I recommend Martin Heidegger's "The Question Concerning Technology," a 1954classic considering the essence of technology in an increasingly technological world.Your Friend Who's Your ParentWhile they may not be at the forefront of your mind, don't forget the ones who likely support yourfinances anyway: mom and dad. Parents often enjoy a cup of coffee throughout the day. Make them feelhigh-class with artisanal pour-over coffee packets from Verve Coffee. Though not the kind of coffeeyou'd drink at a five-star restaurant after dinner, Verve's offering is likely a pleasant upgrade from aKeurig Cup Breakfast Blend. You could also treat your parents to the most luxurious sleep they've had in weeks with Yugo pajamas for men and Fishers Finery pajamas for women. Since your parents are probably in bed by 9 p.m. anyways, they might as well look the part.Your Friend Who's Always Too TiredIf you haven't been able to coerce your friend into a night on the town for a while, you can still make them feel loved at home with a couple upgrades. Moccasins from L.L. Bean can take any couch potato to the next level of comfort. In both men's and women's styles, these puppies will put your friend into a nearcomatose state. You could also sign them up for the gift that keeps on giving with the Snack of the Month Club from Graze. Their snacks come in varieties including Nuts and Seeds, Sources of Protein, andSharing Bags. But if you need something a little cheaper for the friend you haven't seen in months, try a candle from Yankee Candle. Their dozens of scents can provide your friend with the ambience of myriadlocales, all with the light of a match. For the holiday season, I recommend Holiday Lights, Christmas at the Beach and Frosty Gingerbread.Your Friend Who's Cooler Than YouMost people have a friend they wish they were more like. If you want such a friend to spend more time with you, try bribing them with a cool, edgy gift that proves you're different than all the norm ies out there.An embroidered peach emoji hat, available on Amazon, does exactly that. Since your friend probably has more beachy Instagram pictures than any one you know, get them a beach blanket to add some color to those high-profile posts. And if you want to appeal to their affinity for nature, get them a modern andminimalist vertical succulent garden. Money can't buy happiness, but it might be able to buy you a friend or two.Your Friend Who's More Than a Friend Your rock. Your other half. Your best friend. More than anything this December, stay away from trinkets and toys and go spend some time with your significant other. Concert tickets are a wonderful way to spend an evening and many are available on the Emory Concert-Goer's Facebook group for just a fewbucks. If you're looking for something a bit more intimate, try Eclipse di Luna, about 30 minutes fromEmory's campus, for spanish tapas and live jazz. And if you want to keep it steamy indoors this holidayseason, make sure to order in an aphrodisiac like this box of chocolates from Godiva.ConclusionIf this all seems like too much to you, that's OK. My parents taught me that while gifts are sweet around this time of year, everyone appreciates a handwritten note wishing them happy holidays and saying you love them. So head on down to Walmart and buy a pack of greeting cards for a few dollars. More thananything, the holidays are about family, friends and being together. So spend time with loved ones, andreconnect with people you haven't seen in a while. These are gifts truly worth giving.The post The Best Gifts for Every Kind of Friend appeared first on The Emory Wheel.