[caption id="attachment_28840" align="aligncenter" width="748"] Senior defender Danielle Dariusprepares to rip the ball in a match against Piedmont College (Ga.) The Eagles shut out the Lions 3-0 onSept. 21. Forrest Martin/Senior Staff[/caption] The Emory women's soccer team continued its strong form this week end with two wins against Piedmont College (Ga.) on Sept. 21 and Huntingdon College(Ala.) on Sept. 23, improving to a 6-2 season record. Starting off the weekend, the Eagles shut out theNo. 24 Piedmont Lions 3-0. Freshman midfielder Arielle Williamson led the Eagles after coming off the bench in the 27th minute to record a brace. Sophomore midfielder Samantha Hilsee bagged a goal aswell. The Eagles survived an onslaught of scoring chances from the Lions within the first minutes of thegame. But due to two goal line saves by Emory senior goalkeeper Dani Staffin and a shot deflection off the Eagle crossbar, the contest remained scoreless. Williamson opened the scoring in the 39th minuteoff a rebound from freshman forward Rachel White. Hilsee added her goal soon after the halfway mark from a pass into the box from junior forward Shivani Beall. Williamson secured the team's victory with a final goal in the 70th minute. The Eagles followed the victory two days later with a strong performance against the Huntingdon Hawks and a 6-0 victory that dragged the Hawks down to a 3-3-3 season record.Hilsee impressed again for the Eagles, scoring two goals. Huntingdon only had one shot on goal, in stark contrast to the Eagles' 17. Senior forward Abbe McCarter notched the only goal of the first half, and her fourth of the season, off an assist from Beall. Head Coach Sue Patberg said the team took needs to work on its starting speed. "We started off too slow [and] casual," Patberg said. "We are definitely working through that." [caption id="attachment_28841" align="aligncenter" width="672"] Senior forwardAbbe McCarter chases the ball at home on Sept. 21. Forrest Martin/Senior Staff[/caption] But the floodgates opened soon after the second half whistle. Hillsee scored two goals in the 48th and 58thminutes with assists off passes from sophomore defender Caroline Moore. In the 63rd minute, Beallfound the goal, her fourth of the season. Junior defender Paige Santee and sophomore defender JordanFitzgerald finished off Huntingdon at the end of the second half with two late goals. Emory goalkeepersStaffin, junior Haley Pratt and freshman Ellen Ziaja, along with the rest of the defensive unit, helped theEagles win their fifth shut out of the season. Both games have been blowouts, a stark contrast from the games earlier in the season. Hilsee, recently named UAA Women's Soccer Offensive Athlete of theWeek, talked about the major difference in preparation for the games. "Our coaches have been really trying to [practice] drills dealing with crossing and [correcting] certain movements of the forwards,"Hillsee said. The Eagles hope to continue their three-game winning streak on Sept. 29 as they face Washington University in St. Louis (Mo.) in the University Athletic Association (UAA) conference opener.Hilsee anticipates that this next game will be a big test. "We are [going] to have a solid week of practices and try to combat the physicality of Wash U," Hillsee said. Patberg added that the team will need to play with more urgency in the opener. "We have to come out battling from the very first second," Patbergsaid. "There's been too many close calls."The post Eagles Take Flight on 3-Win Streak appeared first on The Emory Wheel.