Jimmie Johnson, before last weekend's race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval Sure, the Bravesmight've clinched a play off spot last weekend. And sure, the United States got blown out at the RyderCup. But the weekend's most interesting sporting event belongs to NASCAR that is, if you think it's asport. NASCAR fans are used to watching drivers race on ovals and road courses, but this weekend they were treated to the debut of the Charlotte Motor Speedway Roval a track that combines thebanked turns of an oval with the left and right turns of a road course. And it was glorious. Though the course was slightly reconfigured after Darrell "Bubba" Wallace Jr. and Erik Jones managed to destroy their cars in practice, the race itself still had plenty of wrecks. In a late-race restart, then-leader BradKeselowski brought out another caution after driving his car head first into the Turn 1 wall. Yet those careviscerating blunders pale in comparison to Johnson's attempted last lap pass of Martin Truex Jr. for thelead. Coming out of the track's final right-hand turn, Johnson clipped Truex, sending both of them skidding and opening the door for third-place Ryan Blaney to take the checkered flag. But it gets worse.This race was a play off elimination race — only the top 12 drivers advance to the next round. Afterrecovering from his spin, Johnson crossed the finish line in eighth position, tying with teammate AlexBowman for 11th place in the points. That is until, Kyle Larson plowed his car into the front-stretch wall to compensate for his blown-right front tire, passing a stalled Jeffrey Earnhardt to capture a 25th-placefinish and an extra point. A point that tied him with both Bowman and Johnson. And with Bowman andLarson controlling the tiebreakers, seven-time NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series champion JimmieJohnson thus eliminated himself from title contention. So if that guy you're socially obligated to interact with before class tries to talk to you about how close that Ohio State game was, how disappointing theFalcons' near-win was or, especially, how good his weekend was, your sagacious correspondentpermits, nay, commands you to ignore him. There is only one sport in the world where the whims of track owners and executives are so unchecked that an entirely new genre of venue can be debuted in the middle of the play off schedule without much recourse. There is only one sport in the world whoseCEO and chairman can impose ridiculous, ad hoc drug sanctions only to get himself arrested for drunkdriving with oxycodone in the car. And that sport is NASCAR. So if you haven't been following theattention-starved downward spiral of America's best reason to drink on a Sunday afternoon, you shouldbe.The post On Fire | NASCAR Is a Sport appeared first on The Emory Wheel.