The Emory women's tennis team's fortune continued, winning four singles draws and one doubles draw,at the Wofford Invitational from Nov. 2 to 4 in Spartanburg S.C. Senior Daniela Lopez led the way for theEagles, winning the B draw with a thrilling comeback win. After suffering a loss in the first set 6-2 against East Tennessee State University (ETSU) freshman Raquel Amaro, she won the next two sets handedly,6-1, 10-4. Head Coach Amy Bryant lauded Lopez' efficiency on the court, highlighting her competitionstrategy. "[Lopez] just played super smart, used her wits to beat her opponents and just figured out how to give her opponents a shot that they did not like," Bryant said. Sophomore Ysabel Gonzalez-Ricosuffered only her seventh loss of the season, as ETSU freshman Laylo Bakhodirova defeated her in the A draw finals 3-6, 6-4, 10-6. Sophomore Katie Chang, freshman Jessica Fatemi and freshman EmmaCartledge also won their respective divisions. Chang defeated Brenau University (Ga.) freshman EvelinGouveia 6-2, 6-1 in the Conquer finals. Fatemi bested Wofford College (S.C.) sophomore Brittney Wilbur6-4, 6-4, while Cartledge triumphed over Wofford freshman Elizabeth Massie 6-4, 6-0. Bryant attributedFatemi's and Cartledge's victories to their individual playing styles. Both players took varyingapproaches to cure their wins, according to Bryant. "[Fatemi] used her forehand to set up her points to attack her opponents," Bryant said. "[She] focused on her service patterns. She also stayed steady in pressure situations. [Cartledge played] really disciplined and adjusted her game to make sure to hit heropponents' weaknesses." In doubles, Chang and freshman Christina Watson dominated the competition,beating opponents from Brenau and Wofford 6-0, respectively. "Our doubles teams have a little more comfort because we spend a lot of time on volleying," Bryant said. "[The duo] were well-trained onangles." Sophomore Sasha Hartje and freshman Lauren Yoon reached the finals of their respective drawwith a 6-3 win over a duo from Wofford, before losing to Arkansas State University 6-3 in the final match.Gonzalez-Rico will play in the Oracle ITA National Fall Championships beginning on Nov. 7 to concludeEmory's Fall 2018 schedule.The post Tennis Wows at Wofford appeared first on The Emory Wheel.