On Sept. 20 at 7:42 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, reported that she took a nap outside Cox Hall on Sept. 18 at 2 p.m.When she woke up, she noticed her Emory ID and debit card were missing from her wallet. Shecanceled her debit card and reported to police that no fraudulent charges had been processed. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 21 at 10:30 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding stolen property. The complainant, anEmory employee, reported that some one had taken a Lobster Sports tennis ball machine from CooperField between 10:52 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Sept. 17. The tennis ball machine was in front of the players'locker room and is valued at about $200. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 21 at 2:29 a.m., EPD responded to the fifth-floor men's restroom of Few Hall in reference to a person down due to alcohol. The subject, an Emory student, had passed out in the stall and vomited on himself and the floor. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS), DeKalb County Fire Rescue and American Medical Response (AMR) arrived on the scene and provided medical attention to the subject.The subject said he only had "a few beers" at a fraternity party on Eagle Row, and he "fell asleep" in thestall. The subject refused medical treatment and refused to be transported to the hospital. Two residentadvisers (RA) agreed to look after the subject. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 21 at 11 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,reported that she lost her credit card on the third floor of Robert W. Woodruff Library. She deactivated thecard but noticed charges on her card totaling $1,000 at a Target store. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Sept. 22 at 5:12 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,reported that he was studying on the second floor of the Woodruff Library on Sept. 20. At about 1 a.m.,he left his seat to get food before returning to the second floor. He said he was the only person on the second floor studying at 5 a.m. and that he left the library at about 6 a.m. At about 7 a.m., library securitycalled the complainant to notify him that some one had turned in his wallet at the front desk. When he retrieved his wallet at 2 p.m., he said about $300 to $400 was missing. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 22 at 12 a.m., EPD responded to 1555 Dickey Drive in reference to a person down due to alcohol on the sidewalk. The subject, an Emory student, was sitting on the sidewalk with friends when the officer arrived. The officer asked the subject what happened, and the subject replied that he had been drinking but that he was "fine." EEMS and AMR responded to the scene and checked the subject'svitals. Medical personnel determined that the subject needed to be transported to the hospital for furtherevaluation. AMR transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 22 at 11:07 p.m., an EPD officer heard about an armed robbery in progress at 1103 CliftonRoad while listening to the DeKalb Police Department North Precinct Radio channel on his car radio. Theofficer contacted DeKalb dispatch to let them know that he was en route and arrived at the scene.DeKalb County Police arrived shortly after the EPD officer. The EPD officer knocked on the front door of the house and announced himself as police. A female who appeared confused and had blood on her face opened the door. The EPD officer instructed her to lift her hands up as she exited the house before she was then detained by a De Kalb County police officer. The EPD officer then moved to the back of thehouse, which had two individual apartments on either side, and saw a female hogtied with zip ties on the floor shouting for help. One of the officers first checked the apartment before going to help the woman as other officers made sure the main house and other apartment were clear. The EPD officer found an elderly woman in one of the bedrooms and removed her from the apartment while the other officers continued searching. The EPD officer left the scene after one of the DeKalb supervisors gave the "allclear" on the scene. DeKalb County Police Department began their investigation of the incident as it occurred in their jurisdiction.On Sept. 26 at 11:50 p.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA)regarding an alleged rape that occurred on April 14, 2018, at Harris Hall. The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statistical purposes.The post Crime Report | 10.3.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.