On Feb. 12 at 9:21 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding unauthorizedinterference with a parked vehicle. The complainant, an Emory employee, reported that he parked his2010 Yukon GMC in a two-hour parking space in the parking lot outside the Visual Arts Building and Gallery at 9 a.m. After the complainant parked his car, the film/media operations manager informed the complainant that he wasn't allowed to park there because it was a visitor's parking space. Thecomplainant ignored the request to move his car and walked away. After the complainant heard a hissingnoise, he turned around and noticed that the individual was letting the air out of the complainant's tires.The complainant called EPD and an officer issued a citation to the individual who deflated the tires forviolating Atlanta Ordinance 106-57(2): interfering with a parked vehicle. The complainant said that he did not believe parking in the space would be an issue because the sign stipulated a two-hour limit, not who was allowed to park in the space. The person who received the citation told the officer that unauthorizedparking is an ongoing issue in the lot. The officer advised the complainant to clarify with the UniversityParking Office who is allowed to park in the lot.On Feb 13. at 4:35 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory employee regarding simple battery.The complainant reported that at 12:30 p.m., he was about to check out at one of the cash registers inCox Hall when a female Emory University Hospital (EUH) employee approached him and began arguing with him about cutting in line. The complainant told EPD he responded to the woman with profanity and said that there was no line. The complainant also reported that there was a male standing next to thewoman, presumably an acquaintance, who tried to intimidate him by blocking the complainant'smovements with his own body. The complainant reported that the woman shoved him with her hands butbystanders started accusing him of picking on a smaller female. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 13 at 5:50 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding some one who entered an automobile. Thecomplainant was the umpire for a Feb. 13 baseball game at Chappell Park on Emory's campus. He reported that he parked his 2014 Dodge Challenger in the parking lot of the WaterHub at 1 p.m. When he returned to his car at 5:30 p.m., he discovered that some one had broken into the front passenger side window of his car. The complainant reported that his Kel-Tec PMR-30 .22-caliber handgun and a money clip that contained $320 in cash, a debit card, a union membership card and his driver's license had beenstolen. The complainant also said that there were scratches on the passenger door that were not therebefore. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 13 at 7:01 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student, who is a resident adviser(RA), regarding a report of drug paraphernalia. The RA reported that a Campus Life professional told her he saw a student on the first floor of Evans Hall using a bong. An officer arrived at the scene at 7 p.m.and asked the student for permission to enter his room. After the officer entered, the officer noticed the student had red, glossy eyes and smelled marijuana. The officer asked the student where the drugparaphernalia was and if the student possessed any marijuana. The student retrieved a bong from under his bed and gave it to the officer along with marijuana he retrieved from his dresser. The student acknowledged that he had been smoking. The officer issued the student a citation for violating the A tlantaOrdinance 186-182 prohibiting possession of less than an ounce of marijuana. The student has a court date March 18 at Municipal Court of Atlanta. Campus Life was notified of the incident.On Feb. 15 at 5:54 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding some one entering an automobile. A softballplayer reported that she saw an individual who looked nervous in the stands watching her team's softballgame. She described the individual as a black male, about 5-foot-8-inches tall with tattoos up and down both his arms. She reported that at 5:45 p.m., the player and some of her teammates heard the sound of broken glass and saw the same individual reaching into a 2011 Volkswagen Touareg in the parking lotbehind 17 Eagle Row, the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) fraternity house. The player told EPD that the individual ran to a yellow Toyota, jumped into the driver's seat and drove away. The owner of the vehicle,an Emory student, discovered that his back pack that contained his Macbook Air and Bose wirelessheadphones was stolen. The stolen items are valued at $2,450. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 16 at 6:59 p.m., EPD spoke to an assistant coach for the track team regarding propertydamage. The complainant reported that he parked his 2007 Pontiac Vibe in the Peavine II parking deckat 11:45 a.m., and returned to his car at 5:30 p.m. His car has a bumper sticker that reads, "NRA Standand Fight," but when he arrived at his house, he realized that some one had written "and kill children" next to the sticker on his bumper with a black permanent marker. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.