Celltrion, Emory to Collaborate on Development of New DrugsCelltrion, a South Korean biopharmaceutical company, signed an agreement with Emory to develop a drug to treat atherosclerosis, according to a Sept. 20 Celltrion press release. Atherosclerosis is a condition in which blood flow is restricted because of cholesterol and fat build up in the arteries. Celltrionwould retain control commercialization rights of a developed drug. Hanjoong Jo, professor of biomedicalengineering at Emory School of Medicine and Georgia Tech's associate chair of Emory Affairs, will be providing assistance, according to the press release.Trump's United Nations Remarks Stir LaughterPresident Donald J. Trump said in his Tuesday speech at the United Nations General Assembly that his administration "has accomplished more than almost any administration in the history of our country." His remarks were met with laughter from the international leaders present. In response, Trump brushed off the laughter and said he "didn't expect that reaction, but that's OK." Later in his remarks, Trumpdiscussed his escalating trade war with China, which he claims has unfair trade policies toward the U.S.,and his tough stance on Iran.Hurricane Florence Death Toll Rises to 42The death toll in the Carolinas and Virginia after Hurricane Florence has risen to 42, according to the New York Times. The hurricane made landfall in North Carolina on Sept. 14 with maximum sustained winds of90 mph. In South Carolina, residents of Georgetown County will likely see up to 10 feet of flooding, due to the swelling rivers from the hurricane, according to CNN. The South Carolina government issuedmandatory evacuations for nearly 8,000 residents as of Monday night. The flooding will likely last from Tuesday through the weekend. Additionally, thousands of residents in the Carolinas remain without electricity as of Tuesday night, CBS reported. The estimated economic cost of the hurricane is $38 to$50 billion, according to a Moody's Analytics report.Emory Launches College Cost Estimating Platform, MyinTuitonEmory has launched a platform to allow prospective students to more easily calculate their expected cost of attendance, according to a Sept. 20 University press release. The platform, MyIntuition, is now used by about 45 schools, and Emory is one of 15 who launched the platform last week. The to olestimates financial aid packages and the types of support they might receive from the college, includingloans, grants and work-study awards, for prospective students of the College or Oxford. Students may obtain a "good estimate" of the cost of attendance if they answer between six and twelve questions regarding their financial status, Director of Financial Aid John Leach said in the press release.Bill Cosby Sentenced to Three to 10 Years in PrisonDisgraced actor and comedian Bill Cosby, 81, was sentenced to three to 10 years in prison for sexuallyassault, according to The New York Times. Cosby said he will appeal the conviction. In April, Cosby was found guilty of drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand, his former mentee. Constand was present when the sentence was announced on Tuesday. At least nine other women who had also accused Cosby of sexual abuse were present in the Montgomery County Courthouse, according to theTimes. "We may never know the full extent of his double life as a sexual predator, but his decade's long reign of terror as a serial rapist is over," a victim impact statement read.The post News Roundup | 9.26.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.