The following reports are based on real cases adjudicated by the Emory College Honor Council. Anypersonally identifiable information has been omitted to protect the privacy of all parties involved unlessinvolved parties have granted the Wheel permission to identify them.The Honor Council found a senior in an upper-level science course responsible for seeking unauthorizedassistance on a midterm exam and violating the electronic device policy. Another student who witnessed the incident reported the violation to the professor after noticing that the student was using a device underneath a desk during the exam. The reported student was questioned, and the Honor Council found the student's testimony to be inconsistent with the investigation. The Honor Council recommended an F in the course and a two-year mark on the student's personal performance record.The Honor Council found a sophomore in a social science course responsible for plagiarism andunauthorized assistance on a home work assignment. The professor reported that two studentscollaborated and submitted nearly identical answers to a free response question. One of the students said that they completed the assignment on their own and denied that they provided the answers to otherstudents. The Honor Council found the student responsible due to the unlikeliness that two students would independently submit nearly identical answers. The Honor Council recommended an F in the course and a two-year mark on the student's personal performance record.The Honor Council found a junior in a science course not responsible for providing false information to gain an academic advantage. The student participated in an online in-class activity although the student did not sign the attendance log which was passed around at the beginning of class, indicating that he might have been completing the activity remotely. On that day, the student said that they arrived late toclass, and noted that it was possible that the sign-in sheet missed him. The Honor Council ultimately found the student not responsible after gathering more information that showed the student to be in the building during the appropriate time frame.