Although this is his first year on the Emory men's tennis team, freshman Hayden Cassone has played an invaluable role in helping the Eagles register a blistering 9-0 win against Rhodes College (Tenn.) withan 8-3 verdict in doubles on March 24. Earlier this season, he contributed to the team's third straight ITANational Indoor Championship title during a series of matches on Feb. 23-25, with a score of 6-3, 6-2 insingles play and 8-5 in doubles at the finals. Cassone is a pre-business College student from SouthSalem, N.Y. The team next faces Johns Hopkins University (Md.) at home on March 31.Thomas Yohannes, The Emory Wheel: What did you think about Emory's tennis team during highschool, and what do you think about it now?Hayden Cassone: Before I came here, I knew Emory had an [NCAA Division I]-type program with a very experienced coach who cares a lot about his players. Also, they have a rich tradition of winning. When I came on my recruiting trip, I immediately loved all the guys on the team. After being here, it just confirmed my assumptions about how great [the program] is.EW: So far this season, you have an overall record of 12-2 in singles play, 4-0 in the Spring. In youropinion, did you exceed your own expectations?HC: My expectations are not personal, but for the team. I wanted to win a national title with my boys, and we achieved that together.EW: Who is a player you look up to?HC: I love watching Roger Federer play. He is the best player to ever live, and I give him a lot of respect.EW: What's the craziest thing to happen during a tournament?HC: I clinched the semifinals against [the University of] Chicago at [the ITA Indoor NationalChampionships]. They were a tough team, and I was extremely excited to win for my friends andteammates.EW: What type of music do you listen to before a game or practice?HC: EDM and rap.EW: What's the most memorable moment with the team?HC: Winning [the ITA Indoor National Championships] was definitely a fun experience with the team. It was the first time I was with them in a serious team environment, and to win that was amazing.EW: Any aspirations in tennis for the future?HC: Since I just turned 18, I still have the national circuit of junior tournaments over the summer. I'mreally looking forward to that as it's my last time around. As for the far future, I haven't looked that far ahead yet.