On Jan. 29 at 4:01 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding a theft outsideCandler Library. An Emory student reported that before she entered Candler Library about two hoursearlier, she had left her back pack outside the Candler Library entrance that faces the Quadrangle. When she returned a minute later, around 2:30 p.m., she found her Louis Vuitton wallet missing from herbackpack. The wallet contained her state ID, Emory card, health insurance card, debit card and creditcard. The wallet was valued at $300. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 30 at 2:10 p.m., EPD filed a report regarding terroristic threats made via email. Emory Office ofCritical Event Preparedness and Response (CEPAR) Senior Administrator Sam Shartar forwarded EPDofficers an email addressed to the "Director of Medicine at Emory" in which the sender threatened to commit an act of violence. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 2 at 2:38 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding criminal trespassing and property damage at the Woodruff P.E. Center, where the recreation and athletic operations coordinator reported graffiti on a pillar in the first floor men's locker room. The words "DUMP TRUMP" were written with a black magicmarker. The employee said Facilities Management was already aware of the graffiti and would clean thepillar. There are no cameras in the hallway outside the locker room. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 3 at 1:18 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding some one who entered an automobile. Thevictim, an Emory student, reported that he was missing various items valued at $5,600 in total. He reported that he parked his 2015 Lexus sedan in the Emory Point parking deck at 2 a.m. on Feb. 3. At 8a.m., a parking security officer discovered that some one had broken into the rear driver's side window of a car. The security officer left a note on the car for the owner. The victim discovered his leather computersatchel that contained his Macbook Pro and a Texas Instruments calculator had been stolen. The victim said the value of the lost items and window damage is $5,750. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 4 at 12:19 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the parent of an Emory student regardingsuspicious behavior in the DUC-ling. The parent said that his child had been approached by an unknown male in the DUC-ling who said that he was recruiting for the Israeli army. The suspect was described as a white male between his late 30s and mid-40s who spoke with a Russian accent and dressed in allblack. The student said that the suspect had been coming into the DUC-ling for the past couple of weeks and targeting students who he thought to be Jewish. He told his parent he saw the man about three or four times between Jan. 30 and Feb. 2. Officers arrived at the DUC-ling Feb. 4 at 1:20 p.m. and spoke with the manager, who said that she had told a male matching the suspect's description to leave theDUC-ling earlier that morning. The manager reportedly asked the man what he was doing, and the suspect responded that some one let him inside to escape the rain. When the manager told the suspect he had to leave, the suspect said that he was a "traveling professor" and had to charge his phone before he could leave. The manager said that if he was a traveling professor he should be able to charge hisphone in his office. The suspect then left. The manager reportedly did not know where the suspect went.Officers at the scene found no sign of the suspect. EPD is uncertain whether the suspect and the male the manager told to leave are the same individual. The case has been assigned to an investigator.