On Jan. 16 at 5 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) officers on foot patrol discovered second-degreeburglary and criminal damage to the interior of Building A at Emory's Briarcliff Campus. Officers reported an unknown subject shattered 10 windows in the building's central atrium throughout floors one throughfive. The officers found fire extinguisher powder and broken fluorescent light bulb tubes on the floor as well as words spray painted on to the windows and walls. The officers checked the doors to the building and discovered that several were unsecured. The officers secured some of the doors, and asked Facilities Management to secure the rest. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 16 at 8:43 p.m., an officer patroling Emory West campus discovered damage to the plywoodcovering a window of Candler Mansion. The officer was unable to find a suspect. Facilities Managementwas notified, but they said they already knew of the damage and declined to come repair it. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 19 at 2:32 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the Longstreet-Means Parking Deck. An Emorystudent reported the theft of his bike between Dec. 13, 2017, at 3 p.m. and Jan. 19, 2018, at 11:50 a.m.The student stated that when he returned from winter break his Trek X-Calibur bike and lock weremissing. The bike and lock are valued at $650 and $20, respectively. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 21 at 11:51 a.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a first-degreeburglary at 10 Eagle Row, the Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE) house, some time between Dec. 15, 2017, and Jan.16, 2018. The student, who lives in the house, said that when he returned from winter break, his safe was gone and his drawers had been opened and rifled through. The safe contained $200 cash and a watch valued at approximately $500. The safe itself was valued at around $50. There was no sign of forced entry into the building or into the student's room. The victim noted that the sprinklers in the home were replaced over winter break. EPD reached out to Facilities Management to inquire which companyreplaced the sprinklers, but Facilities Management did not know. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 21 at 10:13 p.m., EPD responded to a call transferred from Atlanta Police Dispatch regarding a suspicious person at Campus Crossing Briarcliff apartments on Briarcliff Road. Officers arrived on the scene and spoke with an Emory student who said that at 10:05 p.m. she was on the first level of the Campus Crossings parking garage when she saw a male wearing a black ski mask standing on a ledge.He made eye contact with her, but he did not say anything. The victim screamed and ran back into thebuilding. Officers searched the scene but did not locate the subject. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.