Bottoms Inaugurated as 60th Atlanta MayorKeisha Lance Bottoms was sworn in as Atlanta's 60th mayor Jan. 2 after her opponent, Mary Norwood(74C), who requested a recount and challenged the results of the runoff election, conceded Dec. 20,2017. Bottoms declared victory immediately after the Dec. 5 runoff election when initial results showed her leading by 759 votes. "I am thrilled to serve as only the second woman mayor of our great city,"Bottoms said at her inauguration, promising to prioritize affordability and equity. Norwood consideredfiling legal action after her campaign team reviewed voting data and discovered that some of the votes came from recently annexed areas whose residents should not have been allowed to vote in the election,her attorney Vincent Russo told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Norwood had a Dec. 21 deadline to follow through with a lawsuit related to the election. The DeKalb and Fulton counties' election boardscertified results Dec. 11 for the runoff election, giving Bottoms an 832 vote-margin win, according to theAJC. — Richard ChessSlice & Pint Shuts DoorsSlice & Pint in Emory Village closed Dec. 30, 2017 because it did not renew its lease agreement. "Wesincerely appreciate all the love and support we have received over the last 5 years," a Dec. 18Facebook Slice & Pint post reads. Slice & Pint's lease agreement continues through February 2018, so it is unlikely that a new tenant will arrive until at least March 2018, property owner Stuart Meddin told the Wheel in a Dec. 28 email. Meddin wrote that he was sorry to see the restaurant leave but noted that hiscompany, The Meddin Company, will try to select a new tenant "that will give great food and service to the community." Commenters on Face book expressed their disappointment at the news. "Basicallysince I moved to Atlanta, Slice & Pint has been part of the all the major events within our little Atlantagroup," wrote Lara Suzanne Martin, Manager of Education and Programs at Center for HumanitarianEmergencies at Rollins School of Public Health. "I wish [Slice & Pint] all the best and hope to see maybe a brewery or something fantastic come out of this experience some time in the future." — Richard ChessEmory Healthcare Patient Information CompromisedPersonal information of approximately 24,000 Emory Healthcare patients was compromised, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. A former Emory doctor, who now works for the University of Arizona,uploaded the information of patients who received radiology services at Emory Healthcare from 2004 to2014 on to a University of Arizona College of Medicine OneDrive account without Emory's consent. The information may have been accessed by some individuals with a University of Arizona email account,according to a Dec. 26 Emory Healthcare statement emailed to the Wheel. Director of Media Relationsfor Emory Healthcare Janet Christenbury declined to provide the name of the doctor. The information included patients' names, and in some cases dates of birth, dates of service at Emory Healthcare,provider names, medical record numbers, diagnostic/treatment information and treatment locations.Emory Healthcare found no indication that any one outside Emory Healthcare or some University of Arizona staff accessed the materials, the statement says. The University of Arizona "took immediateaction" and deleted the information from the account, the statement says. Patients whose information was compromised will receive a letter in the mail that includes suggestions about how to protect againstidentity theft and fraud, according to the statement. — Richard ChessNew Restaurant to Open at Emory PointDesta Ethiopian Kitchen is preparing to open at Emory Point, according to a window sign outside a business location that used to be operated by BurgerFi, which closed March 2017. Desta EthiopianKitchen opened its first and only other location on Briarcliff Road in 2006 by Ash Nega and Titi Demissie,according to its website. It is unclear when the Emory Point location will open. The restaurant did not respond to the Wheel's request for an interview. — Richard ChessEmory Elects Suntrust CEO to Board of Trustees William H. Rogers Jr., chairman and CEO for SunTrust Banks, Inc., has been selected to join Emory'sBoard of Trustees, according to a Dec. 5, 2017 Emory press release. Rogers has led the company through consecutive years of development and has supported the company's sponsorship of SunTrustPark, the new stadium for the Atlanta Braves, according to the release. Rogers has served on the boards of various other organizations, including Achieve Atlanta and Boys and Girls Clubs of MetroAtlanta. He was one of 10 CEOs in 2016 to receive an Atlanta Business Chronicle "Readers' Choice"CEO award, according to Atlanta Business Chronicle. Rogers also served on the Emory Board ofVisitors. Associate Director for Media Relations Elaine Justice did not respond to the Wheel's request for an interview with Rogers. — Emily SullivanFCC Reverses Decision on 2015 Net Neutrality RulingThe Federal Communications Commission (FCC) repealed net neutrality rules that were previouslyimplemented in 2015 in a 3-2 vote Dec. 14, 2017, according to The New York Times. The reversal will not occur for several weeks and re allows broadband companies to regulate internet traffic. The FCC alsoreversed its classification of internet service by no longer calling it a utility, like telephone service. FCCChairman Ajit Pai, who voted for the repeal, said this change would benefit customers by providing moreservice options. — Richard ChessUndocumented Students Share Experiences at Undocumented Truth EventUndocumented students spoke Nov. 30, 2017, about their experiences in the United States in light of President Donald J. Trump's September statement about his plans to phase out the Deferred Action forChildhood Arrivals (DACA) program. Emory College Council and student group Undocumented Studentsof America (USA) hosted the colloquium-style event, titled, "The Undocumented Truth," during which seven undocumented students shared personal stories and some Emory professors read students'written accounts. The students spoke about times when they encountered discrimination, frustrationfrom feeling powerless and the desire to continue living in the U.S. Senior Lecturer in the Department of French and Italian Christine Ristaino read one student's story. "I know I have more opportunities in thestates," the student had written. "They call us dreamers for a reason. We have dreams." — EmilySullivan. Molly Ball contributed reporting.Emory Sports Medicine Complex OpensThe Emory Sports Medicine Complex opened to patients Dec. 4, 2017, according to a Dec. 4 Universitypress release. Emory announced in April 2016 that the 90,000-square foot space would hold bothEmory's Sports Medicine Center and the Hawks' Basketball Operations Department, fosteringcollaboration between doctors and players, the Wheel previously reported. The facility offers Hawksplayers on-site access to Emory physicians, physical therapists and medical evaluation equipment,including a 3 Tesla MRI scanner, according to the release. The two groups will also partner to hostcommunity engagement events, according to the release. — Emily Sullivan.