After last week's mesmerizing 5-4 overtime victory against Washington and Lee University (Va.), theEmory men's soccer team maintained their early season momentum in the Ciallella Classic in New Jersey during Sept. 8 and 9. The Eagles edged past Rowan University (N.J.) 1-0 and RutgersUniversity-Camden (N.J.) 2-1 to preserve a perfect start to the season. Against Rowan, junior midfielderJun Tsuru supplied an assist for the game-winning goal scored by junior midfielder Keegan McCombie.McCombie delivered the lone goal of the game with a shot that rifled off the crossbar. In a game dominated by first-class defensive quality, sophomore goalkeeper Cole Gallagher notched his secondshutout of the season to record his eighth career shut out between the posts for Emory. Gallagher made two saves to keep the Eagle's winning streak alive. Head Coach Corey Greiner said he was pleased with how his defense responded after conceding four goals to Washington and Lee. "We realized that we definitely had to continue to improve on a lot of areas, obviously defending being one of them," Greinersaid. "For this past week, [the goal] was keeping our shape, making sure guys were spacing,communicating effectively and getting some of the reads down a little bit earlier so that we could snuff out issues before they became dangerous chances against us." Against Rutgers-Camden, Emory fought for a scrappy 2-1 win. Rutgers-Camden had nearly double the shots on target than Emory (7-4), butGallagher made five crucial saves (notching his 12th save of the season) to build Emory's winningstreak to four games. Sophomore forward Nate Sampson credits the team's defensive solidity as a key factor to their success. "[Gallagher] has been playing incredible," Sampson said. "Our whole defenseplayed unbelievable this weekend. We would not have been in the games without them." Greiner was also impressed with Gallagher's performances. "I still feel comfortable and confident with [Gallagher] as a starting role in the goal keeping position," Greiner said. "As of now, he's locked it down." Emory startedpositively against Rowan, getting on the score board first through Sampson, assisted by Tsuru. Sampsondrilled in his first Emory career goal in style, blasting the ball off the cross bar from the top of the 18-yardbox. Despite Rowan leveling the score five minutes later, a late header courtesy of senior midfielderTyler Santee snatched the win for Emory. Tsuru affirmed his role as a creator and delivered anothergame-changing assist. His pair of assists from both games earned him the Offensive MVP award, whileSantee was awarded the Defensive MVP award. Sampson emphasized Tsuru's importance for teamsuccess. "[Tsuru] is always dangerous," Sampson said. "He is really good offensively, one-on-one. He can beat anybody down the line. He serves a lot of really good balls in and finishes really well too." TheEagles will look to keep their undefeated season alive when they host Millsaps College (Miss.) on Sept.15 at 5 p.m.The post Defense Secures Two-Week Streak appeared first on The Emory Wheel.