U.S. Penalizes Saudi Arabia for Khashoggi DeathPresident Donald J. Trump's administration penalized Saudi Arabia on Tuesday for the alleged killing of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi by revoking visas for Saudi agents who are implicated inKhashoggi's death, according to the Post. Saudi Arabia acknowledged that Khashoggi was murdered at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul earlier in October. However, Saudi officials denied that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ordered the journalist's death, blaming the murder on a "rogue operation,"according to the BBC.Trump Administration Could Narrow Gender DefinitionThe Trump administration is considering defining gender as a biological, unchangeable state determined solely by the genitalia an individual possesses at birth, according to memos obtained by the New YorkTimes. This change could severely hurt transgender rights under federal law. The Trump administrationplans to narrow the definition of gender used by federal programs, arguing that government agencies should identify gender as either male or female, the Times reported. An estimated 1.4 million American citizens choose to be recognized as a gender other than male or female, according to the Times, and new policies could eliminate federal acknowledgment of these citizens.Stacey Abrams Defends Burning FlagStacey Abrams, the Democratic candidate for governor of Georgia, defended her presence at a 1992protest where a Georgia state flag with a Confederate design was burned, according to CNN. "DuringStacey Abrams' college years, Georgia was at a crossroads, struggling with how to overcome raciallydivisive issues, including symbols of the Confederacy, the sharpest of which was the inclusion of the Confederate emblem in the Georgia state flag," the Abrams campaign said in a statement to The New York Times. On Tuesday, Abrams added that she is a "very proud Georgian." Abrams' Republicanopponent, Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, has not made any public comments on the issue.Marcus Foundation Donates $5M to Medical School The Marcus Foundation pledged to donate $5 million to Emory's School of Medicine's Department of Pediatrics to renew support for 15 pediatric physician/researchers who belong to the Marcus Society inPediatrics, according to an Oct. 19 University press release. "Support for the Marcus Society has helpedEmory and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta recruit and retain exceptional physician/researchers,allowing us to identify serious pediatric diseases earlier, improve treatment, care for many more patients than ever before, and enhance quality of life and overall health outcomes for children," Lucky Jain,professor of pediatrics and director of the Emory + Children's Pediatric Institute, said in the pressrelease.The post News Roundup | 10.24.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.