On April 2 at 5:17 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding possession ofmarijuana. The complainant, a Campus Life Professional (CLP), reported that he and a resident adviser(RA) were conducting floor checks in Few Hall when they smelled the odor of marijuana emanating from a dorm room. The CLP knocked on the door, and when no one responded, let himself into the room. TheCLP and RA found two open grinders with marijuana in them, a plastic bag containing marijuana and several empty and filled containers of alcoholic beverages next to several prescription pill bottles. When the officer arrived at the scene, he took possession of the grinders and marijuana while the CLP and RA disposed of the alcohol. The two students returned to their room while the officer was still at the scene,and the officer asked to whom the grinders and marijuana belonged. Both students independently told the officer that they did not wish to answer the question. The officer cited the student whose desk was on the side of the room where the grinders and marijuana was found under City of Atlanta Ordinance A106-182,possession of one ounce or less of marijuana. A court date is scheduled for April 23.On April 2 at 8:42 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a simple battery. The complainant, an Emory University Hospital (EUH) patient, reported that she and her ex-girlfriend were both at EUH for an MRI.After the MRI, the complainant walked to her car, which she parked in the Lower gate Parking Deck.When she got to her car, she noticed that her ex-girlfriend was parked next to her. The ex-girlfriendshouted, "Why won't you talk to me?" to the complainant, who entered her vehicle and opened thedriver's side window slightly. The ex-girlfriend reached through the opening in the window and grabbed the complainant's shirt. The complainant pushed her away and told her she was calling the police. Theex-girlfriend left the scene before officers arrived. The complainant did not have any injuries and refused medical attention.On April 4 at 10:34 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding possession of marijuana. The complainant,an RA, reported she was making rounds in Woodruff Residential Center when she smelled the odor ofmarijuana coming from a dorm room. The resident was not in the room at the time. The complainant and two other RAs searched the room. The complainant and two other RAs conducted a search of the room and found a bong that contained remnants of suspected burned marijuana. EPD later spoke with the resident of the room, who stated that he did not have any marijuana in the room. EPD took possession of the bong. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On April 6 at 4:17 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,reported that she was studying in a first-floor lab at the Rollins Research Building. She left the room at4:10 p.m. to use the restroom, leaving her back pack and MacBook in the room. When she returned five minutes later, she discovered her lap top missing. The charging cord for the laptop was still plugged into the wall and none of the complainant's other items were taken from her bag. Two witnesses reportedseeing a female leaving the bath room near the lab around the time the complainant's laptop was stolen.They stated that the female acted very strangely when they ran into her, but they never saw her in possession of the laptop. One of the witnesses also stated that she saw a male walk by the door wearing a brown uniform. She never saw the man enter the lab, and she doesn't recall what time she saw him.There are no cameras on the first floor of the building. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 6 at 4:39 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,reported that at 3:30 p.m., he left his back pack in the patio area outside of Highland Bakery. When the complainant returned to retrieve his back pack at 4:30 p.m., he discovered it was gone. The backpackcontained 50 euros, a Chinese passport and an Apple MacBook Pro laptop. The total value of the missing items is $913. There are no video surveillance cameras in the area. The case has been assigned to an investigator.