Demo cratic Party Calls for Price's ResignationThe Georgia Democratic Party asked Georgia State Rep. Betty Price (R-Roswell) to resign after some female Democrats felt insulted by comments she made at a Fulton County GOP breakfast, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The Georgia Democratic Party posted on Facebook a video of Price, in which Price says, "Democrats naively think that people are basically good." She insinuated that Democrats such as former U.S. Secretary of State Madeline Albright and former First Lady MichelleObama are inferior to Republican women such as former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and First LadyMelania Trump. Price also listed different "liberal achievements" such as "the invention of group therapy,the domestication of cats, group hugs and the evolution of [woman Democrats] to have higher testosterone levels than many of their men." Before beginning her remarks, Price forewarned listeners,"remember in America nobody has the right not to be offended. So listen up and enjoy." Price declined to step down and insisted that her remarks were a joke.Rabinovitz Succeeds Huey at Emory Student Health ServicesSharon Rabinovitz was selected as the interim assistant vice president and executive director of Emory University Student Health and Counseling Services (EUSHS) when current Director Michael Hueyretires from the position July 31, according to a Feb. 2 statement by Senior Vice President and Dean ofCampus Life Ajay Nair. Rabinovitz previously served as the director of clinical services at EUSHS andled various projects, including the development of an immunization compliance program, which aims to ensure that all Emory students receive the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC)recommended vaccinations. Rabinovitz previously taught at the Atlanta Medical Center, served as the medical director at the Georgia State University Student Health Clinic and has been a family physician in Atlanta since 1999. Rabinovitz received her medical degree at Sidney Kimmel Medical College (Pa.) and completed her residency at Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals (Pa.).Wheel Amends ConstitutionThree amendments to the Wheel's constitution, which would affect editorial elections, voting proceduresand grammatical errors were passed Thursday evening. The first amendment, which passed with 17votes, clarified an ambiguous clause regarding editor-in-chief elections. The clause was amended to clarify that an editor-in-chief is elected when at least half the eligible voters cast a vote and the candidate receives one vote more than 50 percent of votes cast. The second amendment, which passed with 16votes and one abstention, stated that the business faculty adviser would certify the editor-in-chiefelection results within 24 hours of the faculty adviser's count of votes. The business manager, typically astudent, previously certified the election results. The third amendment, which passed with 16 votes and one abstention, corrects any grammatical or style errors in the constitution. The Emory Wheel Editor-inChief Julia Munslow (18C) proposed all of the amendments.LGBTQ Activists Convicted over Columbus Pride Parade ChargesLGBTQ activists Wriply Bennet, Ashley Braxton and Kendall Denton, who are part of the Black Pride 4,were convicted of six charges that originated from protests at the Columbus Pride Parade in June 2017,according to Columbus Alive. Deandre Miles (18C), an Emory student who was conducting summerresearch at Ohio State University and participated in the protests, was charged with a felony count of aggravated robbery and will be tried separately. A jury found Bennet guilty of failing to comply with the lawful order of a police officer and resisting arrest. Braxton was found guilty of failing to comply with the lawful order of a police officer. Bennet, Braxton and Denton were all found guilty of disorderly conduct.New Spa Opens in Emory VillageA new spa opened between PressBox and Saba in Emory Village, according to an Emory VillageAlliance press release. Spa Aeon provides clinical skin care, including peels, facials, microdermabrasionand beauty services, including waxing, organic spray tans and lash and brow tints. Customers can also get manicures and pedicures. The spa will soon provide massage therapy. The spa is open Tuesdaythrough Saturday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.Emory Develops Quantitative Sciences MinorEmory's Institute for Quantitative Theory and Methods is developing a quantitative sciences minor,according to the department's website. The minor will require students to complete QTM 100, QTM 150,QTM 151, QTM 200 and two quantitative electives. The department currently offers four majors:quantitative sciences (QSS), applied mathematics and statistics (AMS), public policy and analysis(PPA) and a joint major in business administration and quantitative sciences (BBA+QSS).New Director Appointed at Center for Cancer ImmunologyMadhav V. Dhodapkar has been named director of the new Center for Cancer Immunology at Emory'sWinship Cancer Institute, according to a Feb. 5 Woodruff Health Sciences Center press release.Dhodapkar will also serve as a professor in the Department of Hematology and Medical Oncology atEmory School of Medicine. He is set to start at Winship March 1, according to the press release.Dhodapkar previously worked at Yale University (Conn.) School of Medicine as the chief of he matologyand co-directed the Cancer Immunology Program at Yale Cancer Center.