On Sept. 13 at 8:58 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding fraudulentactivity. The complainant, an Emory student, reported that while he was visiting his girlfriend at ClairmontTower, he noticed he had missed a phone call. When the complainant called the number back, a representative who claimed to be from "Aspire Marketing" answered. The complainant said he recognized Aspire Marketing as the company he recently purchased a computer protection packagefrom. The representative said some of the software in the protection package he had recently purchased had been outsourced and was no longer valid. The complainant agreed to purchase a replacementsoftware for $59.99, and the representative gave him a nine-digit code to enter at "www.helpme.net" to complete the transaction. After checking his bank account online, the complainant discovered numerousunauthorized active transactions, including an initial withdrawal of $1, followed by two other withdrawals of $199 and $1,999. The complainant called his bank to stop the transactions from being approved, but by the time he was able to speak with a bank representative, all of the transactions had been completed.The bank's representative told the complainant that since he gave the caller access to his account, the bank would not reimburse him. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 14 at 1:56 a.m., an Uber driver flagged down an EPD officer in front of 4 Eagle Row in reference to an intoxicated passenger. The officer observed the subject, an Emory student, lying on the sidewalk breathing but unresponsive. The driver reported that the subject had also vomited on herself and inside the vehicle. The officer spoke with the subject's friend, another Emory student who rode with her in the Uber. She reported that she and the subject had gotten drunk at a bar, but the subject did not lose consciousness and she began throwing up when they got close to campus. American MedicalResponse (AMR) responded to the scene and transported the subject to Emory University Hospital(EUH). Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 14 at 1:44 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding theft by deception. The complainant, anEmory student, reported that he purchased two Music Midtown tickets on Craigslist for $250 but never received a confirmation. The complainant said that he transferred $250 to the seller via Apple Pay afterexchanging emails with him. The seller identified himself as "Kevin Williams" and sent the complainantphotos of a New York driver's license and a credit card, both of which had the name Kevin Williams onthem. EPD found that the ID was fraudulent, and when officers called the phone number used to make the transfer, the person who answered said the police had the wrong number. The complainant said he plans to file a complaint with Apple Pay. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 15 at 2:08 a.m., EPD responded to Woodruff Circle in reference to an intoxicated individual on an Emory Oxford campus shuttle. An officer talked to the subject, an Emory student, and noticed she had slurred speech, was unsteady on her feet and smelled of alcohol. The officer also noticed that the subject was about to vomit into a plastic bag. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) arrived on the scene and provided medical attention. The officer spoke with two of the subject's friends, who are also Emory students. The two said they were at Vibra Latina, a Latin party event in Atlanta, earlier that night and did not know how much alcohol the subject drank. EEMS medically cleared the subject, and she declined to be transported to a hospital. The subject was not allowed back on the shuttle due to hercondition. The complainant's two friends told the officer that they would take an Uber back to Oxford College and would watch over the subject through the night. Campus Life was notified about the incident.EPD is investigating a reported rape at Emory Point apartments, according to a Sept. 16 incident report.The alleged rape occurred on Sept. 16 between 3:46 a.m. and 4:06 a.m., according to the report.On Sept. 19 at 8:50 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,said that she locked her light blue Trek mountain bike to a stand behind the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC) using a metal chain combination lock on Sept. 17. When she returned at around 10p.m., she discovered her bicycle, chain lock and helmet were missing. The total value of the missing items is $250. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 19 at 6:05 p.m., EPD responded to a call from the Undergraduate Residential Center (URC) at the Clairmont Campus in reference to a burglary. The complainant, an Emory student, reported that she was in class on Sept. 19 at around 3:50 p.m. when she received a text message from American Express indicating that a purchase had been made using her credit card. The complainant realized she had left her card in a wallet in a desk drawer at home. The complainant returned to her apartment and discovered that a Bank of America credit card and $150 in cash were also missing from the desk. Thecomplainant found that her American Express card was charged twice at a register in the Target atAtlantic Station. The charges occurred between 3:45 p.m. and 4 p.m. and were for $75.91 and $202.09,respectively. She then checked the activity on her Bank of America credit card, which showed three fraudulent charges of $400 each, $1,200 in total, at a Home Depot store. Two of the complainant'sroommates reported that none of their items were missing. The complainant reported that she typicallycloses her room door but often leaves it unlocked, and the apartment door may have been unlocked due to a lock issue. There were no signs of forced entry. The complainant also said she filed fraud reports with both credit card companies. The officer advised the complainant that Atlanta Police Department would investigate the fraudulent charges at Target. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 9.26.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.