On Nov. 8 at 2:56 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to the Faculty Staff AssistanceProgram (FSAP) office in reference to terroristic threats. The complainant, an Emory employee, reportedreceiving a phone call that day at 12:26 p.m. from an unknown male subject while she was in the Whole Foods parking lot on Briarcliff Road. The subject said he was with one of her "people" and if she did not give him $1,500, he would kill her and the complainant by "blowing [their] brains out." The complainantreported hearing a female crying and another male talking in the background. When she asked the subject for the last name of the female, the subject would not tell her. He also refused to put the female on the phone, instructing the complainant to stay in her vehicle, obtain the money and then honk the horn of her vehicle. The complainant lied and said she was not in her car and was currently with a client in heroffice. She then heard the male in the background say, "You were just in the car." The complainant stayed on the phone with the subject as she drove back to the FSAP office, but the subject eventually hung up after a long silence. After returning to her office, the complainant called a client and ensured her safety because she believed the client could have been the crying female in the background. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 9 at 5:04 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student,said he left his HP Spectre laptop in Candler Library Room 120 on Nov. 8 at about 2 p.m., but the laptop was missing when he returned the next day at about noon. The laptop is valued at $900. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 9 at 6:42 p.m., EPD responded to Clairmont Residential Center Building F in reference to a theft.The complainant, an Emory student, reported that on either Oct. 1 or 3 between 9 a.m. and 3 p.m.,employees from a contract or were servicing her apartment in response to a mold abatement workrequest. The complainant said the employees moved several of her personal items from her dresserdrawers and that one employee used her phone charger. After the employees left, the complainant discovered her black and red SanDisk 32 GB USB drive, which contained court documents, familyphotographs, personal information and passwords, was missing. The USB drive was valued at $35.Campus Life was notified about the incident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 10 at 11:04 a.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA)regarding an alleged rape that occurred at an unspecified apartment at Clairmont campus. The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statisticalpurposes.On Nov. 13 at 12:29 p.m., EPD responded to Hopkins Hall in reference to a theft. The complainant, anEmory student, reported that she left her room to use the rest room at about 11:30 a.m. and left the doorunlocked. Her Apple MacBook Air laptop, which was on her desk, was missing when she returned to her room 10 minutes later. The complainant said the door was closed but unlocked. As the complainantexited the restroom, she thought she saw some one exit her room but didn't think anything of it. The complainant also said that contractors had been working intermittently on the floor since the previousday. The laptop is valued at $1,000. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 13 at 10:12 p.m., EPD responded to Emory Point in reference to a residential burglary. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, reported that he left his apartment unlocked at about 10 a.m. When he returned to his apartment at 8 p.m., he discovered his black Bose wireless headphones and silver AppleMacBook Pro laptop were missing. The complainant said he did not know of any possible suspects who could have broken into his apartment. The total value of the missing items is $2,700. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 13 at 6:39 p.m., EPD received a fraud report at Oxford College via telephone. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that some one claiming to be a representative of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) called her and demanded a gift card of $1,700 to prevent her parents from being arrested.The complainant withdrew the money from her bank account and went to a nearby CVS to buy a giftcard. The clerk at CVS was suspicious of the situation and alerted the complainant that the caller was ascammer. The clerk called 911 and an officer from the Newton County Sheriff's Office told the complainant to ignore the request and keep her money. EPD advised the complainant to deposit the money back into her bank account and offered advice on how to avoid telephone scams in the future.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 15 at 3:52 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Uppergate Drive in reference to a male subject, Dontrell Johnson, yelling in the street. Officers found Johnson on Gambrell Drivestanding next to his red Toyota Corolla, which was parked in the middle of the road. Johnson was yelling about how he was "doing God's work" and that he was going to "suck the devil out of people." Johnsontold the officers he came from Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. Emory Emergency Medical Services and DeKalb County Fire Rescue responded to the scene and provided medical attention to the subject. Afteridentifying Johnson, officers discovered that he had an active warrant in Clayton County for failure to appear for a traffic offense. The officers arrested Johnson, searched his car and discovered a loadedGlock 22 with 12 rounds, marijuana and two weight scales. Johnson was charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. He was later released on bond.On Nov. 18 at 3:15 a.m., EPD responded to the Emory Student Center construction site in reference to an unknown subject walking inside the fenced construction area. Officers located the subject hiding behind a construction crate and told him to come out from behind the crate. The subject complied and officers detained the subject in handcuffs. The man, an Emory student, reported that he came to smokemarijuana, but when officers searched him, they did not find any drugs. One of the officers gave the subject a verbal criminal trespass warning and drove him to his dorm. During the drive, the subject told officers that he was quitting school due to a health issue. The officers told the subject he could call EPDor Campus Life if he wanted to talk about his situation. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Nov. 19 at 11:20 a.m., EPD responded to a class room in the Glenn Building at Emory UniversityHospital (EUH) Midtown in reference to a stolen cell phone. The complainant, an administrator at thehospital, reported that on Nov. 16, she was teaching in class room A of the Education Center at EUH andconnected her black iPhone 6 to a wall charger in the back of the room. Later that day at 6 p.m., sherealized she did not have her phone and went back to the class room to retrieve it. The complainant called Emory Healthcare Public Safety to unlock the door, but when she gained access to the room, thephone was not there. On Nov. 17 at 11:02 a.m., the complainant received an email from an unfamiliaraddress. The complainant believed the email might be connected to her missing phone, as it stated that the sender knew of the complainant's "dirty secrets" and listed one of the complainant's securitypasswords as evidence. The sender demanded that the complainant send $5,000 via Bitcoin to a specified address within 45 hours, stating, "I will damage your life totally if I do not get the payment." Thesender said they would "disappear for good" once they received payment and that this was "the first and final email" and that the terms were non-negotiable. The complainant did not respond to the email or send any money to the address. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 20 at 11 a.m., EPD responded to the Lower gate East Parking Deck regarding multiple carbreak-ins. The complainant in the first case, an Emory Healthcare Public Safety officer, reported that while on patrol, he discovered the left rear passenger side window of a 2008 blue Subaru Legacy brokenand glass shattered on the ground. The owner of the vehicle, who is not affiliated with Emory, was not present when the officers arrived but later reported that the only thing missing from the vehicle was a handful of pens. After the officer completed the report, a Transportation and Parking Services employeeinformed the officers of a 2014 black Honda CR-V on level six of the parking deck with the left rear passenger side window also broken. The owner of that vehicle, who is unaffiliated with Emory, was on scene and reported that she parked her vehicle earlier that day at 8:48 a.m. She said her passport, aduffel bag, some clothes, medication, food, an umbrella and a monthly planner were missing from thevehicle. The total value of the missing items is $272. Shortly after, a visitor informed the officers of a grey2012 Mazda 3 on level six of the parking deck with the front passenger side window broken. The owner of the vehicle, who is also unaffiliated with Emory, was not present when the officers arrived, but later reported that it looked like some one had rummaged through the vehicle but nothing was missing.Another officer responded to a call from Transportation and Parking Services regarding a black 2005Toyota 4Runner with the rear driver's side passenger window broken out. The owner of the vehicle, anEmory student, was not present when the officer arrived, so the officer left a business card with the case number and instruction for the owner to contact EPD. The owner later reported that a tan purse and set of wireless headphones were missing from the vehicle. The total value of the missing items is $99. All these cases have been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 20, EPD responded to Clairmont Residential Center (CRC) regarding a domestic dispute involving two Emory students. The complainant, who was not involved in the dispute, told officers she called on behalf of her friend, who was one of the individuals involved in the dispute. The female involved in the dispute told officers that she and her boy friend began arguing in the courtyard between the CRCparking deck and the gate d entrance to Building F, where her boyfriend lives. The female said she was using her phone and possibly texting when her boy friend began to question her about who she wastexting and demanded to see her phone. After receiving no response, he became angry and grabbed thefemale's glasses off her face and threw them on the ground, causing one of the lenses to come out of theframe. He then took the female's iPhone 8 from her hands and threw it on the ground, causing the face of the phone to separate from the battery and the casing. The female ran from the location, leaving the broken phone on the ground. After meeting up with some of her friends, the female returned to the location to retrieve her phone. Because they were only able to locate the female's phone case but not thephone, they went to the subject's apartment and knocked on his door. The subject opened the door,denied having the phone, and told the female that he wanted to speak with her alone and asked everyone else to leave. The female denied his request, and she and her friends went to the circle on Dooley Drive,where one of her friends called EPD. The female said she did not want to prosecute the subject and only needed an incident report to present to her cell phone company to receive a replacement phone. Officersknocked on the door of the subject's residence but did not get a response. The phone is valued at $750.Campus Life was notified about the incident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 20 at 11:30 p.m., EPD responded to Raoul Hall in reference to a report of a narcotics violation.Officers spoke with two resident advisers (RAs) who reported that they both received text messages from residents stating that the first floor of the building smelled like marijuana. One of the RAs went to investigate and discovered which room the smell was coming from. She opened the door and foundmarijuana in plain view in a drawer. Officers spoke with the subject, an Emory student, who initiallydenied having any marijuana in his room but ultimately admitted to possessing the substance. Thesubject agreed to let the officers enter his room, where they found two black grinders and a black metal tube in plain view in a dresser drawer. After gaining the subject's consent to search the drawer, the officer found two silver bags of marijuana in the black metal tube. One bag was labeled "Sour Diesel" and the other "Original Glue." Officers cited the subject for possession of less than one ounce of marijuana.Campus Life was notified about the incident.The post Crime Report | 11.28.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.