On Nov. 1 at 10:27 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA) regarding an alleged rape that occurred at an unspecified fraternityhouse on Eagle Row. The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statistical purposes.On Nov. 1 at 2:07 p.m., EPD officers responded to the Woodruff Memorial Research Building regarding atheft. The complainant, who had reported an earlier case of theft on Oct. 31, said that her boss wanted to report a stolen check. The complainant's boss, who kept a blank check in his unlocked desk drawer foremergencies, said he was unaware of the previous incident but now believes that the two cases could berelated. He reported that he found some one whose name he didn't recognize had drawn a check dated on Oct. 23 in the amount of $1,000 when he checked his bank statement on Oct. 29. After seeing thetransaction, he checked his desk drawer and found that the blank check was missing. He immediatelycontacted his bank to report his discovery. He told officers that he always locks his office door at the end of the day, but the drawer remains unlocked because it does not have a locking mechanism. There were no signs of forced entry on the door, according to officers. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Nov. 2 at 2:15 p.m., EPD responded to the valet parking area of Lower gate East Parking Deck in reference to some one entering an automobile. The complainant, the manager of the valet parkingcompany, reported that a black Ruger .380 semi-automatic pistol was stolen from a client's vehicle while the vehicle was parked. The car owner, who is not affiliated with Emory, reported that he and his wife arrived at the parking deck at 8:15 a.m. and handed over their 2014 Jeep Patriot to a valet attendant. The client said he left his pistol in the center console but that all the windows on the vehicle were rolled up before he gave the keys to the attendant. When the two returned to the valet services area at 1 p.m. to retrieve their vehicle, the valet company employees advised that the keys to their vehicle had not been logged in and that they did not know where the keys were. The client waited one hour for the employees to find the keys before the man said he had a spare key and just needed to be taken to their vehicle.Upon returning to their vehicle, they noticed the rear driver's side window completely rolled down and the pistol missing. The missing car keys were on a key chain that also had some household door keys,according to the clients. The total value of the missing items is $405. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Nov. 2 at 10 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding possession of marijuana. A resident adviser(RA) at Woodruff Residential Center reported that she smelled marijuana coming from a particular room while she conducted her daily rounds. She opened the door after receiving no response from knocking.The complainant found that no one was in the room but saw a plastic bag containing marijuana and a yellow grinder on a desk. The residents of the room were not present when EPD arrived to confiscate themarijuana and grinder. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Nov. 2 at 10:15 p.m., EPD responded to the area of Lower gate Drive and Clifton Road in reference to a damaged parking lot swing arm. The complainant, an Emory parking supervisor, reported that he saw a white male in a black car with an Uber sign drive through the parking swing arm at Asbury Circle andFishbourne Drive, causing the swing to break. The complainant reported the license plate number of the vehicle to the officers, but EPD discovered that the license plate the vehicle belonged to did not match the earlier description of the vehicle. Parking personnel replaced the arm, which was valued at $50. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Nov. 3 at 3:10 a.m., EPD responded to Harris Hall in reference to an intoxicated person. An RA inHarris reported receiving a call from residents on the third floor who said they heard people in another room arguing and some one asking for help. The RA walked through the hallway several times but did not hear anything. The RA later received a second call regarding the same people and heard faint groaningcoming from the room in question. The RA opened the door to the room and saw a male lying on thefloor, shaking and unresponsive. The RA called Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and EPD.EEMS personnel provided medical treatment to the subject, who said he consumed three drinks atMaggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill earlier that night. American Medical Response (AMR) responded to the scene and transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Nov. 4 at 1:18 p.m., EPD took a report of terroristic threats, stalking and harassing communications.Officers met with the complainant, an Emory student, as well as the Raoul Hall Complex Director and a Campus Life professional (CLP). The complainant reported that she began receiving harassingmessages and threats from her ex-boyfriend, who is unaffiliated with Emory, in September. The complainant said the subject constantly calls her, sends her text messages and other messages viasocial media despite her repeated requests for him to stop. The complainant reported that the subject has threatened to cut the brake lines on the complainant's mother's vehicle, sexually assault the complainant and have the complainant "jumped" on campus by unknown subjects. The complainant said she has blocked the subject on Snapchat but he repeatedly creates new accounts to add her. Thecomplainant provided the officers with screenshots of the messages she has received from the subject.The CLP said she would look into temporarily moving the complainant to another room in Raoul to help ensure her safety on campus. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 11.14.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.