In the highly anticipated sequel to 2017's "Warcross," author Marie Lu keeps readers on the edge of their seats and creates vivid worlds in "Wildcard." Her imagery breathes life into settings, from ancientunderwater ruins to a futuristic technology-infused Tokyo. "Wildcard" is an exceptional sequel and final installment in Lu's latest YA science fiction series. The War cross duology occurs in a future where a virtual reality game, Warcross, has taken the world by storm. The game, developed by young billionaireHideo Tanaka, comes with a pair of lenses that thrusts the user into a virtual reality of their dreams —one where people can do nearly anything. Teams compete in a game similar to capture the flag, whereusers throw down in a mystical landscape while attempting to steal their opponents' artifact, a gemsafeguarded by the team leader. At the same time, many people use Warcross for immoral means, such as black market trades and illegal activities, leading to the rise of bounty hunter characters to controlcrime. Emika Chen, a bounty hunter nearing bankruptcy, finds herself sucked into the world of Warcrosswhen she accidentally glitches herself into the international Warcross championship. She ends upcompeting and unveiling an even greater truth by the end of the first installment: Hideo, the seeminglywell-intentioned creator of the game, plans to use his power to control the world. "Wildcard" continuesdeveloping this plotline. With twists that completely change the reader's perspectives on the characters,Lu not only creates an enticing story, but forces the reader to truly think about whose side they support.Although Tanaka's plan seems fundamentally wrong, Lu reveals his true intentions, which make the reader reevaluate his morality. In addition, Lu introduces the reader to an even greater evil that had only been hinted at in her first book. This evil becomes Emika's primary concern at the second book's climax.By the last page, readers can feel satisfied that every loose end was taken care of. Although there is much to admire in Lu's sequel, there are still a few noticeable flaws. While she does a wonderful job of creating an exotic new world and teaching the reader about it, some concepts are too complex and hard to grasp. For example, near the end of "Wildcard," Lu describes Emika attempting to hack into Warcrossusing a virtual box. The back story reads a bit rushed and leaves the reader questioning what exactlyEmika does. Furthermore, the characters' shifting alliances often prompt confusion. Although Lu does a good job of keeping track of where her characters' loyalties lie, the reasons behind their alliances are not always thoroughly discussed. Beyond the few flaws in this sequel, this book would be difficult to put down for those who appreciate science fiction and are intrigued by moral dilemmas.. Lu, per usual, does an amazing job of keeping the plot moving with several plot twists — there are no dull moments and many of the scenes are unpredictable, which makes the novel even more addictive. "Wildcard" takes the concepts of "Warcross" and expands on them in an imaginative way. It resolves the mysteries of the firstbook, and introduces more complications that keep Emika on her feet. While the ending of "Warcross"left readers yearning for more, "Wildcard" truly wraps up the series through its enchanting world-building,addictive plot and exceptional resolution.The post Marie Lu's 'Wildcard' is a Dazzling Finale appeared first on The Emory Wheel.