Boots Riley's debut film "Sorry to Bother You" is a visceral critique of the American capitalist process.Rapper turned writer and director, Riley expertly uses humor and music to allow the audience to recline amid the film's daunting, contemplative social criticism on class struggles and race relations. But the film sometimes fails to fully develop relationships between key characters and the backgrounds of others —which, at times, forces the audience to work harder than they should to believe the film's crucial call toaction.The film follows the journey of Regalview telemarketing employee Cassius "Cash" Green (LakeithStanfield) as he navigates a world increasingly dominated by Worryfree, a company that provides freehousing and guaranteed work for contractual lifelong employees, helmed by leading entrepreneur SteveLift (Armie Hammer). Yeah so, slavery. Cash lives with his eccentric artist/sign-flipping girlfriend, Detroit(Tessa Thompson), in his landlord uncle's (Terry Crews) garage and earns a job at Regalviewtelemarketing to pay their rent. His efforts are initially hindered because of his inability to make sales in his own black voice. But with the help of Langston (Danny Glover), an older fellow black employee, Cashlearns to sell by using a white voice and is on track to become a "power caller." The crux of the film'sconflict comes from the choices Cash makes when his Regalview peers Squeeze (Steven Yeun) andSal (Jermaine Fowler) plan a series of workers union protests just as Cash becomes a power caller andsales strategist for Worryfree, where employees speak in "white voice only.""Sorry to Bother You" pointedly takes place in an alternate present-day Oakland, Calif. Riley insertsclever plot details to develop the film's otherworldly feel while maintaining the politically allegorical ideasaround which the film revolves. For example, the most popular American TV show in Riley's universe is a violent variety program called "I Got the Sh!t Kicked Out of Me," a show in which the film's protagonisteventually stars.The film's strongest elements are its excellent cast and poignant commentary on the no rmalizedexploitation within modern America. Whether he's worrying about the nadirs of his working class life or trying to juggle his duties as an employee of a "morally emaciating" company, Stanfield's deliveryremains striking. He plays Cash with an appropriate, varying level of anxiety, which is impressive considering the film's numerous twists. But Thompson is the movie's secret star of the film. Detroit is a woman who struggles to love and admonish a man whose life encompasses every conflict within the world around them. Thompson's delivery of that struggle quitely carries the film. Furthermore, Detroit'sphysicality and style, in addition to "I Got the Sh!t Kicked Out of Me," are Riley's generous reminders that we aren't in our own universe anymore. The setting of the film is reiterated clearly through her distinctiveperformance art and technicolor hair and earrings. Other noteworthy performances come from Yeun andFowler's sobering union-organizing roles, which they humorously embody, and Hammer's wellintentioned, coke-snorting antihero Steve Lift.The film's critique of racism and income inequality are woven throughout. At a Worryfree executive party,Lift encourages Cash to rap for the party's predominantly white guests. Although Cash informs Lift that he cannot rap, Lift and the white party guests uncomfortably pressure Cash into performing for his fellowguests. It is a poignant commentary on how racism is often bolstered by false perceptions, like the belief that all black people can rap, or the notion that performativity of the oppressed — not structural change— is the solution.Riley returns to the idea of performativity repeatedly. Detroit's exhibition features a performance indicative of the activist work she does, as well as the themes the film at large presents. The Regalviewworkers union protests outside of Worryfree's office are organized by Squeeze and Sal, two men ofcolor, but a white participant is recognized nationally and given an advertisement deal for herparticipation. Most blatantly, Cash performs whiteness to earn money — it should not evade the reader that the protagonist's name phonetically sounds out "cash is green" — while white characters performblackness in order to be "hip." The choices Cash makes to prove his legitimacy in a Worryfreedominated world are indicative of capitalism's harmful elements, where exploitive and discriminatory practices are often overlooked in favor of success."Sorry to Bother You"'s final scenes are jarring and motivate the audience to reconsider their attitudes on the bootstrap mentality, along with social injustice in its entirety. But the fate of central Regalviewemployees remains unclear in a way that doesn't feel purposeful or committed to the film's centraltheme. While this may be a minor consequence of the editing process or a poorly delivered message onongoing processes of social change, it didn't seem deliberate and became distracting. However, the attention to detail and powerful social commentaries delivered by the cast mostly compensate for thishiccup. "Sorry to Bother You" compellingly highlights the blights of the American social fabric and leaves the audience with a melancholic discomfort that the film indicates can only be remedied by politicalaction.Grade: A