Our Pick: Tiffany HaasIn the lackluster three-person race for College Council (CC) president, the Wheel's Editorial Boardendorses with reservations Tiffany Haas (19C), whose accomplishments on CC and organizational skillsmake her best suited for the position.Haas has achieved some substantive accomplishments as a CC junior legislator. She served as a liaison for 13 clubs, worked on Emory's Day of Giving and secured funding to continue the tamponinitiative, a program started in 2016 by former CC co-assistant vice president of finance Julie Chen (18B)that provides free menstrual hygiene products in bathrooms across campus. Haas said she overcameadministrative roadblocks in the tampon initiative's implementation to ensure the program's broadersuccess.Radhika Kadakia (20C), who serves as vice president of administration, also boasts an impressive list of accomplishments from her tenure, including proposing a bill to make arts charters more accessible and working with clubs in weekly administrative hearings. However, her failure to declare her candidacy ontime due to what she calls a "misunderstanding" and apparent lack of preparation for the Wheel Debatescall into question her ability to lead CC. Although Paolo Mutia (17Ox, 19C) is a passionate and friendlycandidate, he lacks specific objectives for his presidency and intimate knowledge of CC's processes.The Editorial Board appreciates Haas's monetary proposals to improve funding for student organizations.She told the Wheel that she plans to change spending caps and formulae for club funding to betterallocate CC's designated portion of the Student Activities Fee (SAF). The reformed policies would allow CC to spend money that would otherwise roll over to the next budgetary cycle, Haas said.When asked about CC's failure to book shuttles on the correct date for the 2017 Atlanta Pride Parade,Haas was reticent to discuss the blunder as problematic and said that she "[didn't] blame anyoneinvolved." Though Haas's defense of her "friends" and an organization about which she is passionate isadmirable, the Editorial Board hopes she can develop internal plans to ensure more accountability. In thepast, Haas has not responded well to the Wheel's criticism of student organizations' missteps, and her presidency would require her to accept responsibility and have a willingness to learn from mistakes.Haas also plans to simplify the chartering process to make it easier for clubs to receive NonRecommended for Funding (NRF) charters. NRF charters are required for student organizations to reserve room spaces, so this decision would give new clubs the opportunity to grow. Further, it would do so without straining CC's budget, since CC would not fund these clubs.Haas's preparation for the Wheel Debates show her dedication to the CC presidential position, and The Wheel cautiously endorses her for CC president.Correction (3/27/18 at 11:19 a.m.): The article was updated to reflect that Chen created the tamponinitiative, not Molly Zhu. A sentence in the second-to-last paragraph was changed because nonchartered organizations can table at Wonderful Wednesday.