On Sept. 9 at 4:15 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding an intoxicated student at Turman Hall. The complainant, who was the resident adviser (RA) on-call, reported that a student called him about his roommate needing medical assistance. The student said the subject left the room earlier and returned around 1:30 a.m. looking drunk and walking "funny." The student asked the subject if he was OK, and the subject responded yes and went to bed. At around 3 a.m., the student reported that the subject began breathing heavily, making weird noises, convulsing and vomiting. The subject fell out of his bed, walked over to the student's bed and fell down again. Emory EmergencyMedical Services (EEMS), DeKalb County Fire Rescue and American Medical Response (AMR) unitsarrived on the scene and spoke with the subject. AMR personnel placed the subject on a gurney andtransported him to Grady Memorial Hospital. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Sept. 10 at 8:43 a.m., EPD responded to a call from the Callaway Memorial Center in reference to aburglary. The complainant, who works in the Department of Spanish and Portuguese, said she arrived at her office at about 8:30 a.m. and discovered it in disarray. Several yellow envelopes containing the keys to various doors were scattered on her desk, and two laptop bags containing laptops were moved outside their original cabinets. The complainant noticed the door that separates her office from an adjoining office was open and the adjoining office was also in disarray. The complainant said the offices were in their normal state when she left work on Friday at about 5 p.m. The person who works in the adjoining office discovered that items from two storage cabinets had been dumped onto the floor along with more of the yellow envelopes. She also discovered her bottle of champagne empty, a bottle of rum in a recycling bin and several Lindt chocolate wrappers on the floor. Officers observed that the lock on the sliding glass door that divides the adjoining office and an outdoor patio was broken and the sliding screen door was cut. A graduate student told officers that some one left beer in the refrigerator in the graduate student lounge and there was beer spilled on the carpet. Officers located a six-pack ofSweetWater 420 and a 12-pack of Modelo beer on a shelf near the door. The complainant said that theSweetWater beer may have been taken from a locked vacant office down the hall. FacilitiesManagement advised that they would secure the sliding glass door in the adjoining office. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 10 at 12:30 p.m., EPD responded to the fifth level of the Lower gate South Parking Deck in reference to some one breaking into an automobile. The complainant, who is not affiliated with Emory,said he parked his black Subaru Outback in the parking deck at 9:50 a.m. When he returned at 12:15p.m., he discovered his front passenger window shattered and his back pack containing his work laptopmissing from the front passenger seat. The complainant described the back pack as a green Orvisbackpack and the laptop as a black Lenovo Thinkpad X270. Both the laptop and the vehicle are owned by the complainant's employer. The back pack is valued at $250 and the laptop at $1,000. Officers spoke with a woman on the scene who said she was sitting in her vehicle around noon when she heard a crashing sound. She said she assumed it was an accident in the parking deck but did not turn to get a better look. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 10 at 7:16 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a theft. The complainant, an Emory student,said she left her camera on the first floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library on Sept. 5 at around 9 p.m.She checked the library lost and found on Sept. 6 at noon but did not locate the camera. The camera is a black Canon EOS Rebel T4i with a black case and battery. The total value of the missing items is $760.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 11 at 11:40 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding property damage at the Woodruff PhysicalEducation Center (WoodPEC). The complainant, a WoodPEC employee, said some one wrote "Trump isa traitor" in Sharpie on a column in the men's locker room. The complainant said there have been at least two other incidents of graffiti in the men's locker room, and he has placed a work order to have the graffitiremoved. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Sept. 11 at 8:44 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding indecent exposure. The complainant, who is not affiliated with Emory, said that, on Sept. 10 between 2 and 3 p.m., she was at Panera Bread in East Village with her daughter and three of her daughter's friends, who are between 14 and 15 years old. The complainant said a black male, approximately 45 years old and 6 feet 2 inches, kept looking at the teens,moved closer to them and then exposed himself to them. The teens reported the incident to the manager at Panera Bread, and the manager asked the subject to leave, which he did. The complainant said the manager also called the De Kalb County Police but was not sure if a case number was generated and decided to call EPD also. DeKalb County Police will investigate the incident as it occurred in theirjurisdiction, but EPD officers have been made aware of the case and will be on the look out for thesubject.The post Crime Report | 9.19.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.