Tennis Falls to Local RivalsThe No. 2 Emory women's tennis team lost their first two matches of the season this past weekend. TheEagles suffered a 6-3 loss at home to Georgia State University Feb. 10 and a 6-1 loss to CoastalCarolina University (S.C.) Feb. 11.Senior Bridget Harding and freshman Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico won their doubles match 8-3 againstCoastal Carolina, moving Harding to tie f or fifth place all-time with 93 career victories. But CoastalCarolina won second and third doubles to claim the point. Gonzalez-Rico was the only Eagle to snag asingles win, 6-4, 7-6 (7-5).Against Georgia State, Harding and Gonzalez-Rico won first doubles, while senior Anna Fuhr andfreshman Stephanie Taylor claimed second doubles, both matches by a score of 8-5. SophomoreEmma Perelman won sixth singles for Emory in straight sets, 6-3, 6-1.The team is set to play at home again Feb. 18 against Columbus State University (Ga.) at 1 p.m.Georgia Gwinnett College swept the Emory men's tennis team at home, 9-0, Feb. 11 in the Eagles' firstmatch of the season. Senior Scott Rubinstein and junior James Spaulding played to a close 8-6 loss in first doubles, matching the result of junior Jonathan Jemison and senior Max Renke in third doubles. TheEagles will face at home Feb. 17 Bluefield State College (W.Va.) at 10 a.m. and Xavier University of Louisiana at 3 p.m. — Alisha ComptonSoftball Redeems in RematchThe Emory soft ball team began their season by splitting a double-header against the Birmingham Southern College (Ala.) Panthers Feb. 9. The Eagles came up short in the first game, losing 5-2, but came back to shut out the Panthers while putting up five runs of their own.Both teams were tied at one run a piece heading into the top of the fifth of game one. It was then that the Panthers hit their stride and added four runs, enough to win the game 5-2.In game two, junior pitcher Toko Miller stymied the Panthers, throwing a complete game shutout. Millerallowed only three hits, a walk and struck out five batters in seven innings of work. Sophomore catcherGreta Wilker put an exclamation point on the 5-0 victory with a solo homerun in the bottom of the third.Emory will host Berry College (Ga.) in a double-header Feb. 17. — Stephen MattesAvant, Men's Basketball Beat BuzzerThe Emory men's basketball team tallied two crucial University Athletic Association (UAA) road wins thisweekend, topping Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.) 82-80 Feb. 9 and Case Western Reserve University(Ohio) 75-72 Feb. 11. The wins improve Emory's season record to 18-4 with a 9-2 UAA record. With three conference games remaining, the Eagles sit solidly at No. 2 in the UAA standings, just behind No.1 Washington University in St. Louis (Mo.) (20-2, 11-0).Emory held the last-place Carnegie Mellon Tartans at arms length for most of the contest, but the Tartans crept closer as the game progressed, tying the score at 80 after three clutch free throws fromsenior guard Ryan Maha with 13 seconds remaining. On the game's final possession, senior centerChristopher Avant put in the winning bucket with one second left on the clock, giving Emory the 82-80victory. Senior forward Adam Gigax led the scoring with 27 points and junior guard Gebereal Baiteyadded 16 points, seven rebounds and three assists.Sunday's contest at Case Western was a nail-biter, fraught with lead changes. Two free throws fromEmory freshman guard Romin Williams with 15 seconds remaining gave Emory a three-point advantage that held till the final buzzer. Williams finished with 20 points while senior guard Whitt Rapp nearlydropped a double-double, adding 10 points along with nine assists.The team will face New York University Feb. 16 at home at 3 p.m.— Kevin Kilgour