On April 17 at 11 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call regarding theft by taking at the Robert W. Woodruff Library. The complainant, a security manager at the library, reported that a be igeCrestron TSW-552 touch panel in room 874 was missing. The panel is a remote control device used to lower and raise the project or screen in the classroom. An instructor using the class room discovered the panel missing on April 10 at 3 p.m., and reported it to the security desk. The touch panel is valued at$300. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 18 at 9:12 a.m., a Facilities Management (FM) employee approached an EPD officer in front of the Administration Building in reference to a dispute between him and a contractor. The officer walked with the employee to the Michael C. Carlos Museum where he met with construction company workers and a security director for the museum. The FM employee reported that at 9 a.m., he was blowing leaves on S. Kilgo Circle when he unintentionally blew leaves on one of the contractors and into thecontractor's car. The employee reported he was wearing earplugs when he was using the leaf blowerand did not initially hear the contract or trying to get his attention. The contract or reported that when he got the employee's attention, the employee dropped the leaf blower and intentionally bumped shoulder-toshoulder with him. When the contract or told the employee he was going to speak with his supervisor, theemployee said, "Call my supervisor, you redneck." The contractor then went inside the building to speak with the security director. Upon hearing about the incident, the other contractor exited the building and confronted the employee about blowing leaves at his colleague. The conversation escalated, but the fight was never physical, according to both subjects. The employee told the security director that he believed the contractor's car should not have been parked there because he was forced to work around it and that he was angry about the manner in which the two contractors approached him. The security director told the employee that the contract or was authorized to park there because they were working in themuseum. Neither party decided to press charges against the other, but the contract or did speak with theemployee's supervisor.On April 18 at 11:32 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding computer invasion of privacy. Thecomplainant, a Library Information and Technology Services (LITS) manager, reported the discovery of aKeyLlama USB keylogger, a device used to record keystrokes from the computer it is connected to, inclassroom 1000 of the Rollins School of Public Health. A keylogger can be used to steal usernames andpasswords of the computer's users. On April 16, a LITS staff member found the keylogger when she was responding to a service call about the podium computer not working properly. A different LITSemployee found and removed the keylogger, and turned it over to a manager. The manager found that the device captured the log in information for 20 Emory faculty, students and staff. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 19 at 3:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call regarding a report of fraud at the Barnes and NobleBookstore. The officer met with the store manager and the regional loss prevention manager, who reported that an employee had been engaging in fraudulent transactions while at work from March 5 toApril 18. The loss prevention manager said that the employee had been using legitimate customerreceipts to manually refund money to both her and her husband's credit cards. The employee's name was captured electronically from five different credit cards, which were used in 14 different transactions at the store. The loss prevention manager said he captured eight of the 14 transactions on video, and said that the employee's husband was seen in some of the videos. The two managers met with the employee on April 19 at 12:45 p.m. to speak with her about the incidents. The employee denied being involved in any fraudulent activity, and said that she was unmarried and did not know the individual in thevideo. The manager searched the employee's name on Facebook and confirmed that she was not being truthful about not knowing the other individual. During the meeting, the employee walked out and left thelocation. The store manager informed the employee that she was on temporary suspension pending the outcome of the investigation. The total value of the fraudulent transactions is estimated to be $2,000.On April 20 at 3:07 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding public drunkenness. The complainant, aCampus Services (CS) employee, reported that he found a drunk female, later identified as an Emorystudent, lying in the fetal position on Peavine Creek Drive. He stated that a male subject, who is not affiliated with Emory, was helping her walk to the gate at the sorority complex, as she was unable to walk on her own. When the officer arrived, the student was yelling loudly and pulling on the gate. When the officer asked the two to step away from the gate, the female subject did not initially comply, continuing to yell that she lived there and that she wanted the police to call her mother. The officer described the female subject as having watery and bloodshot eyes, and said he could smell the odor of an alcoholic beverage emitting from her breath. He asked her to walk down the steps so Emory Emergency MedicalServices (EEMS) could provide her with medical assistance. She nearly fell down the stairwell due to her intoxicated condition. The male subject said that he met the student at Maggie's Neighborhood Bar andGrill and was trying to help her get home. After obtaining a statement from the male subject, the officer told him he could leave the scene. The male subject did not leave initially and later had to be escortedaway. Another officer asked the female subject where she was and she responded that she was at"Georgia State," before adding that she was at "Georgia State Emory." When asked who the presidentwas, she responded "Trump." When asked what she had to drink, she responded multiple times that she drank "Trump." The officer reported that the student continued to be loud and boisterous, refusing to identify herself and cooperate with emergency personnel. As EEMS personnel tried taking her blood pressure and other vital signs, the subject yelled, "I don't care" and that the EEMS personnel were"b***hes." EEMS personnel were unable to obtain any vital signs on the student. The officer decided that the subject's actions constituted public drunkenness so he put her in handcuffs, searched her and placed her in the back seat of his patrol vehicle. American Medical Response (AMR) 39 responded to the scene and took the subject's vital signs and advised that she didn't need to be transported to the hospital. The two officers transported the subject to De Kalb County Jail for public drunkenness in violation of OCGA.16-11-41. The subject continued to be uncooperative and three to four additional DeKalb Sheriff's Officepersonnel had to assist the initial intake officer with the subject. The student told the intake officers that she should be placed in a hospital, saying that she wanted to cause harm to herself. When the officer returned to the location of the incident, he was flagged down by a Lyft driver who said he was trying to return a wallet to a student he had dropped off. The wallet belonged to the subject, and the officer found a fraudulent Delaware driver's license inside. Campus Life was notified about the incident.