After a week end in the Northeast, the Emory women's soccer team returned with two season-savingresults. The Eagles tied 1-1 against New York University (NYU) in a tough conference matchup on Oct.12 and defeated No. 15 Brandeis University (Mass.), heading into the weekend 2-1. In their first game of the weekend, senior midfielder Madison Phaneuf scored her fifth goal of the season in the 28th minute, afree-kick right outside of the 18 yard box, to put the Eagles up 1-0. "I knew that this would be a low scoring game, so every opportunity mattered for us," Phaneuf said. "I told myself to stay calm and put the ball out of the keeper's reach." However, the Eagles' lead did not last, as they conceded a converted penalty kick in the 35th minute from NYU senior midfielder Maddie Pena, tying the game at 1-1. Late inregulation, NYU had a chance to remain perfect in conference play, but was denied on break away by senior goalkeeper Dani Staffin. "We really talked [prior to overtime] about continuing to do the things wedo, but we needed to be more organized to make sure we were not getting counter-attacked," HeadCoach Sue Patberg said. Even after overtime, the two teams were still locked at 1-1, giving the Eagles ahard-fought draw. After traveling to Massachusetts from New York on Oct. 13, the Eagles took on the Brandeis Judges on Oct. 14, pushing them from No. 14 to 15 in NCAA Division III rankings. The Eaglespounced early on two of the Judges' errors to climb to 2-0 by the 26th minute. Phaneuf netted the firstgoal, extending her scoring streak to three games, off a penalty kick in the 10th minute. According toPatberg, the penalty kick was due to "the high line that their defense played, enabling [her] attackingplayers to get in behind the defense." Senior defender Danielle Darius tapped in the second goal in the26th minute after a long scramble in the box. However, the Judges did not go down without a fight and ended up putting late pressure on the Eagles after they scored a goal in the 80th minute. Ultimately,Staffin denied the Judges three times in the final 10 minutes to preserve the Eagles' victory of 2-1. Staffinreceived high praise from Patberg after the game. "[Staffin] played two great games and only really gave up one goal because one goal allowed was off of a penalty kick," Patberg said. The Eagles will have their next game on Oct. 17 at 7:30 p.m. against Covenant College (Ga.).The post Team Survives UAA Weekend appeared first on The Emory Wheel.