In the midst of a cinematic moment where demands for representation and stories about bravery areincreasing, Ava DuVernay's, "A Wrinkle in Time" arrives on time, but intermittently struggles to assertitself. The film's racially diverse cast and stunning visuals breathes new life into the 1962 MadeleineL'Engle novel on which it's based. But the film fails to maintain a cohesive tone, undulating betweenmacabre and playful. "A Wrinkle in Time"'s weaker elements are strengthened overall by the compellingperformances of Chris Pine and the film's young lead, Storm Reid. Its poignant social commentary on the importance of compassion provide an intriguing reimagining of the classic battle between light anddark.The film tells the story of Meg, a clever young girl who embarks upon a rescue mission across the cosmos when her scientist father disappears. It begins with a long pan above the clouds that simulatesflight. It is an appropriate and perhaps deliberate choice foreshadowing the imaginative narrative thatfollows. As we return to Earth, we are met with a scene of a young Meg Murry (Lyric Wilson) and herfather, Dr. Alex Murry, (Chris Pine) conducting a science experiment in their home lab. Here we are introduced to Meg's parents' joint work with tesseracts — conduits that permit individuals to "wrinkletime" and travel light-years away in seconds. The remaining exposition consists of Dr. Alex Murry andDr. Kate Murry (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) discussing the inclusion of their newly adopted infant son into the family and Meg's father asserting that "love is always there even if you don't feel it" — a sentiment that is elegantly woven throughout the film.This opening scene introduces themes like empathy and the power of integrity. These ideas areenrapturing and contrast the darker elements of the film that follow it. The better moments of the film include a flying sequence where an older Meg (Storm Reid), her brother Charles Wallace (DericMcCabe) and her friend Calvin (Levi Miller) soar above a sea of flowers with the help of Mrs. Whatsit(Reese Witherspoon) and the penultimate scene in which Meg and the audience are forced to confront their greatest anxieties about loss. But the film lacks a tonal tether that makes the otherwise thoughtfuldialogue and performances feel detached.The unsettling mystery surrounding Dr. Murry's tesser pools into the lives of each character and simulates the discomfort of Meg's loss. This mixture of interpersonal isolation and the hope of eventual return is at times so dense that the film is difficult to watch. But Charles Wallace's sagacious disposition and Calvin's endearing boyishness both ease the Meg's underlying bereavement.Reid's portrayal of Meg as a reverent family member and bereaved young girl are believable because they are delivered with deliberateness. This internal conflict is only emboldened by Meg's racial identity.L'Engle didn't write Meg's character as a young black girl, but DuVernay's infusion of the originalcharacter's personal struggle with topical disquietudes that young women of color face adds depth toMeg's struggle. Race operates within the film — as it does in real life — as an element of the overallexperience, not the fulcrum of the experience itself. Thoughtful choices throughout the film address thenuance of race and gender. Calvin, Meg's young, white male peer, intermittently compliments Meg'scurly natural hair and embraces her decision to lead the group. The Murrys are an interracial, renownedcouple who together unravel the mystery of warp speed space travel. Furthermore, the light of the universe is personified through three women, two of whom are women of color. All of these choicespowerfully communicate to the young audience how complex characters of all races and genders can be on and off screen. It also suggests that insurmountable heights may be reached if and when different people work together.While "A Wrinkle in Time" is an enjoyable film with crucial ideas, there are moments where its banter andephemeral beauty become crutches rather than integrated aspects of the story. That is likely a consequence of the central difficulty of making a good science fantasy film — making a protagonist'sjourney to other worlds feel fantastic without being gimmicky or alienating the audience. The film yearnsto characterize elsewhere in the universe through Oprah Winfrey's other worldly wisdom and Mrs. Whichand Happy Medium (Zach Galifianakis) humor. But by doing so, the film lapses in its commitment to its central daunting idea, which makes those jokes feel compensatory. There are moments where I wanted the film to let us feel afraid and unsure, but instead it reassured us before we could acknowledge our ownfear. "A Wrinkle in Time" is pleasant overall, with only certain residual moments and lines feeling out ofplace, but it is no masterpiece."A Wrinkle in Time" is an important film whose central message — that we should all be warriors of light when the darkness surrounds us — is uplifting. While the film struggles to juggle its playful, kid-friendlytone with its darker commentary, its striking aesthetic and dialogue on personal agency make it worthseeing.Grade: B