[caption id="attachment_29037" align="alignnone" width="914"] Courtesy of Man Made Films[/caption]"Man Made," a documentary co-written and directed by Assistant Professor of English and CreativeWriting T Cooper, is a fascinating and enlightening view into the lives of four transgender men (Mason,Kennie, Dominic and Rese), who strive to become bodybuilders. The film follows them in the months before they all compete in the same transgender bodybuilding competition, Trans Fit Con, in Atlanta. Thefilm sheds light on the relatively unknown and small community of transgender bodybuilders. Cooper, atransgender man himself, said he felt the need to document the story from the inside out, whereas mostdocumentaries are told from the outside in. This concept shines through in "Man Made," as he's able to personally unlock facets of the transgender community as well as the struggles that these four men throughout their lives. Cooper often utilizes a hand-held camera to share his documentary-makingexperience with viewers, making the film appear more personal than a typical documentary film. Thiscamerawork also makes the film feel like less of a grand cinematic experience and more of a realistic,relatable telling of the hardships these four men endure. This style helps to distinguish "Man Made" from other films and aligns well with the "inside-out" mentality Cooper described. "Man Made" was relaxed andinformal, in a good way. The informality is accomplished through lighthearted moments in which Coopergets in front of the camera and interacts with the interviewees. The lack of filter also allows theindividuals' anecdotes and reactions to feel genuine and unaltered. Cooper's connection with the fourbodybuilders is apparent as they share personal and sometimes horrible stories, such as their experiences coming out to family, or the general discrimination they face. The subjects' openness withCooper contributes to the documentary's authenticity. Each of the four men, who all faced hardships in their transitions, had vastly different stories to tell, each one refreshing and powerful. That said, thedocumentary is not without storytelling issues. Rather than the audience caring about one or twoindividuals, we're forced to split our attention between four. Instead of spending our time invested in a single character's plight, the movie ended up juggling four stories which begged the question, how much more powerful could it have been had fewer character's been our protagonists? Also disappointing wasCooper's decision to completely drop one of the four stories about three-quarters of the way through thefilm. We never heard back from him, making the audience question why we followed his story in the firstplace. On another occasion, during a scene in which the rest of the body builders are introduced, Coopergives some of them full scenes or interviews to characterize them, which was jarring and detractedviewers from caring about our original four of the main characters. These negatives, however, do not detract from the film's value. The journey we take with these four bodybuilders, before and after theircompetition, is powerful and inspiring to any transgender viewer — or some one who simply has a goal that is seemingly impossible. For those reasons, "Man Made" is a film that is definitely worth the watch— apart from being inspiring, it uncovers a community I never knew existed.Grade: B The post 'Man Made' a Powerful Story That Will Lift You Up appeared first on The Emory Wheel.