[caption id="attachment_29283" align="alignright" width="407"] Courtesy of Domino RecordingCompany[/caption] Julia Holter's "Aviary" is one of the most grandiose and densely packed pop albumsin recent memory, with the instrumental power of a full orchestra lending to its sprawling soundscapes.Holter rejects any and all conceivable pop cliches on this album, choosing instead to focus on looselystructured compositions featuring richly layered instrumentations and emphasizing harmony rather thanmelody. It is undoubtedly a challenging listen, but also a rewarding one. There's an astonishing amount of detail wrapped into each song, but Holter never loses focus. Every note feels like it was painstakinglylabored over as a result. Drawing influence from legendary female artists like Joni Mitchell and CocteauTwins, Holter broke into the music scene in 2011 with her atmospheric but inconsistent debut album"Tragedy," which she followed with the equally beautiful but unfocused "Ekstasis" in 2012. There was no doubt that Holt er had a lot of potential as a songwriter, but her writing needed refinement. She fullycapitalized on this potential when she returned with 2013's "Loud City Song," which featured much more theatrical production and songs that were designed to embody all the aspects of city life. Holter's writingcontinued to grow on the lavish, catchy and dreamy "Have You In My Wilderness," which stood strong as one of my favorite albums of 2015. Singles "I Shall Love 2" and "Words I Heard," as well as Holter'srevelation that the album would be nearly 90 minutes in length, suggested that "Aviary" would be an entirely different experience. Indeed, the catchy hooks and bright sound that made "Have You In MyWilderness" so enjoyable are gone, replaced by oddly-structured melodies that follow the conventions of chamber music more than pop. There's a strangely potent sadness prevalent throughout a majority of the songs. Even though Holter mostly stays in her upper register (which suits her best), her vocals are so evocative that they still carry a lot of emotional weight. Save some occasional reverb, there's noproduction trickery to be found here. Any studio alterations would be counter-intuitive to the raw, naturalaesthetic of "Aviary." The timbres of the instruments on this album are amazing, from "Les Jeux toYou"'s robust piano to the trumpets that hang in the background of "Colligere"'s intro. The acoustic bassfeatured throughout the album sounds phenomenal as well, producing an organic sound that contributes to the album's theme of nature. Bagpipes, timpanis, chimes and organs appear as well, amounting to one of the most dynamic orchestral palettes in modern music. There really are no low points in the album's89-minute run time, but some passages do feel long-winded and unnecessary. The most significant example of this is the fifth track, "Everyday Is an Emergency." The four-minute long bagpipe solo ispretty patience-testing, especially given how sour some of the notes are. It isn't the only time Holter toyswith elements of experimental music on the album, but it is one of the less successful attempts. A better example would be the track "Chaitius," whose horn-heavy intro fades into a remarkably strange vocalharmony. Other highlights include the surprisingly upbeat "Les Jeux to You" and the beautiful piano ballad"In Gardens' Muteness." "I Shall Love 2" seemingly crescendos into infinity, with disembodied voicesbouncing the refrain "I shall love" off of each other — until it abruptly ends and the next track starts. It is quite possibly the most memorable part of the entire project, which made the song a great choice for thealbum's lead single. Many of the songs are as abstract lyrically as they are instrumentally. Like other songs by Holter a lot of the lyrics focus heavily on nature and love, but there isn't much in the way ofstorytelling, as is typically the case with singer/songwriter music. The lyrics certainly have poeticelements, but are often too arcane to communicate any sort of message or meaning. Despite itsintimidating length and prominent eccentricities, "Aviary" is an impressive piece to behold, and one that deserves to be consumed in its entirety. Even after several listens, I've barely scratched the surface of this album. It's an incredibly dense and moving work that absolutely demands repeat listens to uncover all of its idiosyncrasies. Holter continues to show case an incredible talent for songwriting. I hope her nextalbum is as beautiful and bizarre as this one.Grade: 4.5/5The post 'Aviary' a Beautiful, Bizarre Pop Album appeared first on The Emory Wheel.