On Oct. 4 at 3:27 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to the Claudia Nance RollinsBuilding in reference to a report of harassing communications. The complainant, an Emory facultymember, reported that she had received harassing communications since March 2017 and that someone created accounts in her name on adult websites. The complainant provided the officer with 73pages of offensive emails, phone call records and a list of sites where accounts were created in hername. Some of the pictures and information on the fake accounts were taken from the complainant'ssocial media accounts. The complainant said she believed a female acquaintance who is or was in a relationship with a mutual male acquaintance was responsible for the harassment. She knew the male acquaintance because they both frequented the same swimming pool, but she believed the female acquaintance may have thought she and the male acquaintance were dating. The complainantsuspected the female was responsible because one on line post accurately described what the complainant wore when the two last saw each other in September. The complainant contacted all the sites with fraudulent accounts in her name and requested that they close the accounts. She also toldEPD that she texted and emailed the suspected female and the male acquaintance, requesting an end to the harassment. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 6 at 5:23 a.m., EPD responded to Emory University Hospital (EUH) in reference to a report of a sexual assault by a person with supervisory authority. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 7 at 8 p.m., an EPD officer was patrolling Old Briarcliff Way when he noticed an open gate that should have been closed. The officer went up the driveway and saw a red Mazda 3 with two occupantsparked near the dumpster. The officer approached the driver and asked why he and the passenger werethere, to which the driver responded that the two were "hanging out." While speaking with the driver, theofficer smelled unburned marijuana from inside the vehicle. The driver told the officer there was a small amount of marijuana inside, so police searched the vehicle and found the marijuana. EPD Dispatch told the officer that the passenger had an active probation violation warrant in Dunwoody, Ga. The officer did not charge the subjects for possession of marijuana because they were cooperative, but he ordered the driver to destroy the marijuana by stomping it in the dirt with his foot. The driver was released, and the passenger was transported to De Kalb County Jail for the warrant. Neither of the subjects are affiliated with Emory.On Oct. 10 at 12:47 a.m., EPD responded to Tin Lizzy's Cantina at Emory Point in reference to an intoxicated person. The complainant, an Emory Point security guard, reported that a drunk man, lateridentified as the manager of Tin Lizzy's, was on the restaurant patio at about midnight and removed his clothes when the guard asked him to leave. When officers arrived, they found the subject with his genitals exposed, passed out on some bushes near the sidewalk. One officer asked the subject multiple times if he knew where he was, how he got there and what his name was, but the subject refused toanswer. The subject declined medical attention but did not have anyone nearby to care for him, so the officer arrested the subject and transported him to EUH in his patrol car. Once hospital staff medicallycleared the subject, the officer transported him to the Atlanta City Jail on charges of public indecency and disorderly conduct while under the influence.On Oct. 10 at 4:41 p.m., an EPD officer spoke via telephone regarding a theft report. The complainant,an Emory student, reported that on Sept. 25 at around 8 p.m., she began studying near a group study room on the first floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library. The complainant said she placed a case containing her Canon EOS 60D camera and Apple AirPods under the desk. At about 12:45 a.m., thecomplainant left the desk to get food elsewhere on the same floor of the library. At about 5 a.m., she realized that her camera case was missing. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Oct. 11 at 12:03 a.m., EPD responded to the Woodruff Residential Center in reference to a call regarding harassing communications. The complainant, a resident adviser (RA), reported that two roommates told her they received harassing text messages. One student said her boyfriend becameupset after she did not answer his phone calls and told her that if she did not answer the phone, he would drive to her residence and it would not be pretty. The male subject said he did not like his girlfriend'sroommate and located her girlfriend's father on LinkedIn. She said she learned of the subject's activitybecause her father called her, inquiring about a LinkedIn notification he received from the male subject.The students declined to move rooms, and the officer advised the students to call EPD if the subject came to their residence. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 10.17.18 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.