[caption id="attachment_28524" align="aligncenter" width="1024"]/ The Student Government Association(SGA) confirmed the attorney general and several Elections Board positions./Ayushi Agarwal, PhotoEditor[/caption] The 52nd legislature of the Student Government Association (SGA) convened for the first time this academic year to confirm the attorney general and several Elections Board positions. Allproposed candidates were confirmed unanimously. The legislature approved Kaia Ordal (17Ox, 19C) as the attorney general. SGA President Dwight M a (17Ox, 19C) said he and SGA Vice President JohnPriddy (19C) both vouched for Ordal, saying she was qualified for the position but they did not specifywhy. Ordal described herself as non-biased and said she was "always going to put the school first." She has no prior experience in SGA. Former attorney general Elias Neibart (20C) and Elliot Ji's nominationsfor attorney general (20C) were both voted down by the legislature last semester. When CollegeSophomore Representative Zion Kidd (21C) asked Ordal what the SGA Constitution states is the job of the attorney general, Ordal said she must represent the Emory student body, especially if there are constitutional allegations against Ma or Priddy. "If [Priddy] or [Ma] had allegations against them, then I would also have to be privy to what was going on with that and represent them as well. If, say, it was a matter of constitution, then I would have to put the constitution over them," Ordal said. The SGAConstitution states the attorney general must be informed of the Constitutional Council's activity, providestudents information on SGA's judicial procedures and advise and represent the SGA when cases are brought against it. SGA Chief of Staff Ben Palmer (18Ox, 20C) said he has "full confidence" in Ordal'sability to fulfill the position. "I've known her to be thoughtful and smart, and I think this is a great role for her to fill," Palmer said. SGA also confirmed Justin Cohen (20C) as SGA Elections Board Chair. Cohensaid he assisted with registering more than 200 Emory students and faculty to vote during his freshmanyear. Cohen's confirmation comes after a tumultuous Spring 2018 election season for the ElectionsBoard, which received multiple complaints. Former Elections Board Chair Betty Zhang (20C) and FormerElections Board Vice Chair Andy Xu (20C) resigned immediately after the elections finished. TheConstitutional Council had recommended that Zhang resign or be impeached. Senior RepresentativeOwen Lynch (17Ox, 19C) said he felt Cohen was a "good candidate" and could "get up to speed" with"any inexperience with the election regulations." Yiyang Mao (21C) and Julie Park (21C) were both confirmed Elections Board vice chair and treasurer, respectively. Stephanie Perkins (17Ox, 19C) andHanne Enlow (21C) were both confirmed as Elections Board commissioners. CORRECTION (9/10/18 at9:03 p.m.): A previous version of this article stated that Ben Palmer is in the Business School. In fact,Palmer is a student in the College.The post Ordal Approved as Attorney General, Elections Board Seats Filled appeared first on The EmoryWheel.