[caption id="attachment_13363" align="aligncenter" width="729"] William Warby/Flikr[/caption]Sophomore Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico, a potential applied mathematics and statistics major from Pinecrest,Fla., is heading to Surprise, Ariz. to compete in the Oracle ITA National Fall Championships Nov. 7-11 by virtue of her dominant 6-4, 6-1 victory in the final of the IT A Cup Division III Singles NationalChampionship on Oct.14. Her last victory pushed her singles record to 10-1 for this season. AlexMoskowitz, The Emory Wheel: Can you explain your tennis history and how you got into the sport?Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico: It was probably the first sport that I could play when I was five [years old] inFrance, so I just tried it out and I really liked it. EW: Were there any mentors that have had an impact on your game and as an individual? YG: My first coach made me love tennis, and my second-to-last coach,John McLean, before coming to college also improved my game a lot when I came to the U.S., and [he]made me believe in myself. EW: What have you improved upon the most, in terms of the physical aspects of the game, as your game has progressed from junior tennis to college? YG: I would say my serve and my forehand, and also the physical aspect. I'm fast, and that helps me a lot in my game. EW:How have you grown as a player and person as part of the tennis program at Emory? YG: As my coachsays, it is a process that takes four years, so right now I have probably not grown to my full capacity, but I can already see the difference from last year, especially my mental game. I feel like I've improved a lot and I still have to improve a lot, but we will get there. EW: What is your pre-game meal? YG: I actually eat two pre-game meals: one that is lighter with a sandwich or bagel with a fruit and one that is heavier,pasta with meat. EW: Do you have any music that you like to listen to before your matches? YG: Beforemy matches, I like to put on hype rap or electronic songs, and right before stepping on to the court, I listen to "Keep it Mello" by Marshmello.The post Two Minute Drill With Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico appeared first on The Emory Wheel.