[caption id="attachment_29224" align="aligncenter" width="816"] William Warby/Flickr[/caption] Seniorswimmer Trey Kolleck (19B) was named the Men's UAA Athlete of the Week for his efforts in a meet against Queens University of Charlotte (N.C.) on Oct. 20. Kolleck recorded Division III's fastest time of the year in the men's 50-yard freestyle, clocking in at 20.76 seconds. The Newburgh, Ind., native also finished with a 45.25 second mark in the 100-yard freestyle, which is currently the fastest DIII time thisseason. Ryan Callahan, The Emory Wheel: How long have you been swimming? Trey Kolleck: As long as I can remember. About 15 years at this point. EW: What's your major? TK: I'm a BBA and will also be getting a master's in accounting. EW: Do you have any pre-game rituals? TK: Most of the time, it's juststretching [and] listening to music. That sort of thing. EW: What's your favorite game day song? TK: Atthe moment, I'd probably say "House of Wolves" by My Chemical Romance. EW: What's your favorite memory that you have on the swim team? TK: At Emory, it's when the men's team won nationals in2017. That was pretty cool because it was the first time we've ever done that. … There's various races and instances [in my life] where [I've] caught someone [in a race], but the [2017 NCAA Championship] isdefinitely up there. EW: Who is an athlete you look up to? TK: I like LeBron James. My whole family [is]from Ohio, so I'm a fan of him, but also the fact [that] he is so socially responsible and just tries so hard.It's so sad he's going up against one of the greatest dynasties, so it's kind of like one of those underdogthings. He's top two, if not the best player ever, but he's still the under dog in every single finals he's in, so I kind of appreciate that because he's just going after it. EW: Who's your favorite swimmer? TK:Honestly, my favorite swimmers are the ones that I'm friends with. There's some I'm friends with that are really fast like Andrew Wilson (17C). It's weird to say your friend is your favorite swimmer but I'd want him to win the race more than anybody else. He won second at nationals and two events. Then he represented the United States internationally, so that was cool. Also Lily King. She's the world recordholder in the 100-meter breaststroke right now, and she's from where I'm from. We're in the same grade,and we've taught kids together. Watching her on [the Olympic] stage is kind of cool. EW: What are some major life aspirations you have? TK: I want to have a family at some point. I really like kids so maybe [acouple of] kids. In terms of profession, right now I'm going into accounting and forensics. I want to make a difference in the world. Everyone says that, but I enjoy helping people, and I want to do that in a way that allows me to live comfortably. EW: Do you have any specific plans after college? TK: I recently accepted an offer within Grant Thornton's Forensic group in New York.The post Two Minute Drill With Trey Kolleck appeared first on The Emory Wheel.