In the hushed candlelight of the Michael C. Carlos Museum's third floor, Ebrik Coffee Room has set up the humble beginnings of its third location in a quaint corner. A rhythm of groovy indie and alternative music plays in the background.Ebrik specializes in Arabic coffee, according to the barista. Popular options include the Diablo, a spicydrink, and the Hamza, an authentic Turkish coffee which he described as "boiled several times rather than roasted like traditional American coffee." For coffee with milk, the bar ista recommended the Deniz.Ebrik's menu features a selection of Arabic and Turkish coffees, with or without milk, as well as more traditional beverages, including mochas and cappuccinos. It also offers an assortment of baked goods,including bagels, croissants and muffins.After glancing over the menu, I ended up ordering the Hamza and took a seat at a high table next to a bright window. The Hamza arrived in a beautiful rose-gold brass pot, accompanied by a small coffeemug. Immediately, I could smell an earthy deep scent wafting from the pot.Upon sipping the coffee, the herbal and slightly spicy notes immediately struck me. Cardamom is a key ingredient used in the boiling process for Turkish coffee, and its subtle flavor permeated my mouth between sips. Rich, smooth and subtly sweet, the Hamza was certainly a good choice. As someone who doesn't take coffee black, I enjoyed this earthy, smooth and almost wispy drink.Most coffee drinks provide a short, intense burst of energy that lasts a few hours. The Hamza, however,kept me energized throughout the day.The shop's ambience made me feel as if I had been transported to another era. A huge brass ring of a chandelier hangs below a large, round skylight. Golden torches encase the chandelier lights. The space is small but cozy, with round booths perfect for collaborative work and high tables. While the room is a little dim, glass-cased flames and torches lie scattered between tables throughout the shop.Overall, the drink selection is not only diverse, but also high-quality and unique. The Hamza certainlydeserves a five-star rating. As for the space itself, it feels as if it's from another era. The only down side is its size — the room is tucked at the end of the third floor hallway, and is rather small, with a few booths and fewer than 10 tables. Though Ebrik currently cannot process Dooley or Eagle Dollars, it is working to facilitate the payment options. Regardless, Ebrik really brings a truly distinct personality to Emory'scampus for those who are looking for something other than Kaldi's or Starbucks.The post Ebrik Spills the Beans at Carlos appeared first on The Emory Wheel.