The Emory women's soccer team defeated Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) (Pa.) 1-0 on Oct. 26 andcelebrated Senior Day on Oct. 28 with a 2-1 win over Case Western Reserve University (Ohio), boostingthe Eagles' overall record to 12-4-1 and extending their win streak to six games. Against CMU, juniorforward Caroline Kolski drove home her third goal of the season in the 57th minute to break thescoreless tie. Throughout the whole game, both teams attempted just 15 shots — the Eagles with eight and CMU with seven — forcing the teams into a primarily defensive battle. During their second match,the Eagles pounced early, scoring both goals in the first half. Freshman midfielder Lindsey Breskow put away her third career goal as an Eagle at the 28th minute, driving home a long shot into the far corner.Just four minutes later, junior forward Shivani Beall netted her team-high ninth goal of the season off a ball from freshman midfielder Arielle Williamson from inside the six-yard box. "The connection between[Beall] and [Williamson] was phenomenal," Head Coach Sue Patberg said of the goal. In the second half,Case Western retaliated when freshman forward Christina Hickson dished the ball to sophomoremidfielder Lizzy Barna who beat Staffin to the near post in the 88th minute. Overall, the Eagles outshotCase Western 32-8 and led shots on goal 11-5. Phaneuf finished her final regular-season home game leading both teams with seven shots, two of which were on goal. Staffin closed out her final regularseason home appearance with four saves. Before the start of the match against Case Western, the team honored its nine seniors: forward Abbe McCarter, goalkeeper Dani Staffin, defender Danielle Darius,defender Hope Morgan, midfielder Jordan Doak, midfielder Madison Phaneuf, defender Nikki Batt,defender Nylah Hamilton, and forward Sophia Dillon, and with an on-field ceremony. Darius, who played on Haiti's U-20 World Cup squad this past summer, reflected on her journey as an Emory Eagle."Because we have been striving towards a common goal — a championship — for years, I have never been more passionate about soccer than when I play with Emory women's soccer," Darius said. Hercollegiate experience and lessons learned throughout her four years on the team is something that she will cherish forever. "I have grown in many ways being on this team," Darius said. "Being on a college team has been an experience that is not replicable in any other environment." Co-captain Batt added to the sentiment of gratitude towards the team. "Emory soccer has given me a family that I can confide in about anything and everything," Batt said. "I'll never stop loving and cheering for this group of remarkablewomen. … I'm so thankful for them and for the opportunity I had to play collegiate soccer for this amazing school." Patberg said she hopes her seniors leave her program saying, "'I wouldn't change athing.'" The Eagles return to action on Nov. 3. for their final regular-season game at the University of Rochester (N.Y.).The post Women's Soccer Ends Home Season With Double Win appeared first on The Emory Wheel.