Emory Professors Awarded Guggenheim FellowshipsCharles Howard Candler Professor of African American Studies Carol Anderson and Professor of LateMedieval and Renaissance Art History C. Jean Campbell were announced as recipients of the 2018Guggenheim Fellowships on April 5, according to the Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. Anderson won a fellowship in constitutional studies, and Campbell won a fellowship in fine art studies. This year, the foundation selected 173 of about 3,000 applicants from the United States and Canada. "These artists andwriters, scholars and scientists, represent the best of the best," Guggenheim Foundation PresidentEdwin Hirsch said in an April 5 press release that announced the fellows. "It's an honor to be able to support these individuals to do the work they were meant to do."Winship Awards Three Endowed Chair PositionsEmory's Winship Cancer Institute awarded three endowed chair positions to members of the Department of Radiation Oncology for their "outstanding contributions" to cancer research, according to a March 28.The institute named Xingming Deng as the chair in cancer biology, David Yu as the Jerome Landry, MDchair of cancer research and Hyunsuk Shim as the Crocker family chair in cancer innovation. WinshipExecutive Director and Chair of the Department of Radiation Oncology Walter Curran stated "there is no greater honor for Emory and Winship faculty than the bestowal of an endowed chair," according to theannouncement.FBI Raids Office of President's Personal LawyerFBI officials raided the office of U.S. President Donald J. Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, on Monday morning and seized records related to payment to pornographic film actress Stormy Daniels,according to The New York Times. Daniels alleged that she had an affair with Trump in 2006 and received money to keep quiet about it. Trump responded to the raid by calling it a "disgraceful situation"and an "attack on our country in a true sense," while Cohen stated the raid was "completely inappropriateand unnecessary," the Times reported.Bottoms Asks Cabinet Members to ResignAtlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms told her cabinet of 35 city officials to submit their resignations by the end of the day on Monday, according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. After securing the office in the December 2017 run-off, Bottoms told former Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed's staff that they could stay for about 90 days while she became more familiar with them, the AJC reported. The 90-day period hasended, and Bottoms told the cabinet that she will decide by the end of this week which resignations shewill accept, according to the AJC.Body Of Missing CDC Employee Found After Seven WeeksRescue crews found the body of Timothy Cunningham, a C enters for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC) researcher, partly submerged on the west bank of the Chattahoochee River in Northwest Atlantaon April 5, according to The New York Times. Cunningham's family first reported him missing on Feb.16. Fulton County Chief Medical Examiner Jan Gorniak confirmed the identity of the decomposing bodyusing dental records. While investigators have not identified any signs of foul play regardingCunningham's death, police are offering a $15,000 reward for any information about related criminalactivity, the Times reported.Office of Admissions Sends Erroneous MessageMore than 1,800 applicants admitted to Oxford College received a "miscommunication" from the Office of Undergraduate Admissions regarding information on an acceptance to Emory College of Arts andSciences, according to Associate Vice Provost for Undergraduate Enrollment and Dean of AdmissionJohn Latting. "Students who had been admitted to Oxford College two weeks [ago] did receive a follow up message meant for Emory College applicants," Latting told the Wheel. A follow-up email to the 1,823affected students read, "Last night we sent an email to you congratulating you on your acceptance toEmory College. This was sent in error, and we humbly apologize for any confusion or hurt feelings thisemail may have caused." Latting noted that the mis communication was "an information update message that is routinely sent to admitted students," and not a letter of admission. —Alex Klugerman