On Feb. 27 at 5:07 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a call from an Emory studentregarding a theft by taking at the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC). The complainant, a member of the women's basketball team, reported that on Feb. 19 around 7 p.m., she plugged her AppleBeats wireless earbuds into a wall jack in the women's basketball locker room in the WoodPEC tocharge overnight. When she returned to the locker room on Feb. 20 at about 10 a.m., she discovered herheadphones missing. The locker room is secured by a keypad lock, but the complainant said that other members of the team, athletic staff, housekeeping staff and laundry staff have access to the lockerroom. There are no security cameras in the area and the exterior doors of the WoodPEC are secured at11 p.m. when the building closes. The head phones are valued at $150. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 2 at 10:42 a.m., EPD responded to a call from a faculty member in the philosophy departmentregarding harassing communications. The complainant reported that at 10:35 a.m., she received a call from an unknown individual who threatened to cause bodily harm to another professor in the philosophydepartment. The individual identified himself as "Air Force Man" and asked to speak with the professor.When asked to identify himself, the individual only stated "N****r [name of professor], and I'm going to his office right now to knock his motherf****ing head off," before hanging up. After the call, the complainant called EPD and said that she feared for the safety of the professor because the caller seemed very adamant about going to the professor's office. EPD attempted to contact the professor who wasthreatened, but found that he was not on campus on the day of the call. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 2 at 2:40 p.m., EPD responded to a call from an Emory student regarding a theft by taking.The complainant reported that on Feb. 27 at 9:30 a.m., he was on his way to class when he parked hisblue Fiji bicycle in front of Emerson Hall without locking it on a bike rack. When the complainant returnedat noon, he discovered his bicycle missing. The bicycle is valued at $330. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 3 at 1:11 a.m, EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated Emory student. When the officer arrived, the student was lying on a couch in the lobby of Longstreet-Means Hall. The student wasbreathing, but unconscious and not alert. The student vomited while Emory Emergency MedicalServices (EEMS) attempted to provide medical assistance. A witness reported that two students had dropped the individual off in the lobby 10 minutes prior and laid her on the couch. DeKalb County FireRescue Engine One and American Medical Response (AMR) arrived to provide medical assistance to the student. DeKalb AMR transported the individual to Emory University Hospital (EUH) for treatment.Campus Life has been notified about the incident.On March 4 at 3:45 a.m., EPD responded to a call regarding an intoxicated Emory student at TurmanHall. EEMS and DeKalb AMR also arrived on the scene. The individual's roommate reported that the student had returned to her room at about 1:30 a.m. and had consumed alcohol.Prior to the officer'sarrival, the individual had vomited two to three times and was having trouble standing. The individual toldEEMS that she did not remember some parts of the night. AMR reported that she answered a majority of the questions they asked her correctly. AMR asked the individual if she wanted to be transported to the hospital and she declined. Campus Life has been notified about the incident.