Sotomayor's Emory Visit Rescheduled to Feb. 6A discussion for Emory Law students by Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has beenrescheduled for Feb. 6 at Glenn Memorial Auditorium. Sotomayor was set to visit campus September2017, but the event was delayed due to Tropical Storm Irma. Sotomayor is expected to participate in a discussion with Associate Professor of Fred Smith Jr., with an audience question-and-answer session tofollow, according to a Jan. 22 Emory press release.Early Decision I Applicant Pool IncreasesThe number of Early Decision I applications Emory received in 2017 increased 7 percent for Emory College of Arts and Sciences and 47 percent for Oxford College from 2016, according to a Dec. 22Emory press release. The College of Arts and Sciences' acceptance rate fell one per centage point to 31,and the Oxford College acceptance rate fell 2 percentage point to 25 percent, according to Associate Vice Provost for Undergraduate Enrollment and Dean of Admission John Latting. Emory admitted 503students to the College and 223 students to Oxford. Of those, 30 students were admitted through theQuestBridge National College Match program which connects low-income high school seniors with to puniversities across the United States. The 30 students will receive financial aid that covers full tuition andfees.New DeKalb Municipality ProposedAdvocates in an unincorporated area near Emory are calling for the formation of a new city dubbed "VistaGrove," according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution (AJC). In 2015, a similar proposal for a new city in the same area, "LaVista Hills," failed by 139 votes. The area is in north DeKalb County, east of I-85.Proponents of the proposal believe that a new city would improve transportation, infrastructure andgovernance, the AJC reported. The proposed city of 58,000 residents and 16 square miles would not include Emory's campus but would be the largest city in the county, according to the Geographic Information Systems Department of DeKalb County. State Sen. Fran Millar, R-Dunwoody, indicated at aDec. 21 town hall meeting that he would sponsor the necessary bill for the proposal to materialize. Ifpassed, the annexation would have to be approved by the city's government, discussed in a public hearing and approved by a vote of residents of the area. Voters would not likely decide on incorporating"Vista Grove" until 2019, as a placeholder bill has yet to be introduced into the 2018 session.Emory Student Escapes Armed Robbery Near Georgia Tech CampusAn Emory student escaped an armed robbery at gunpoint Jan. 10 by jumping in front of a moving car,according to a Jan. 10 report from the Atlanta Police Department. Two armed men approached the victim in Atlanta's Home Park neighborhood, near the Georgia Institute of Technology's (Georgia Tech)campus, at approximately 7 p.m. She gave the attackers her iPhone, keys and wallet. The men had grabbed the victim's arm, but the victim quickly jumped in front of a slow oncoming car and the men ranaway, according to the victim's reports.Tom Price Inducted to Atlanta Healthcare BoardFormer U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary and former assistant professor at the Emory School of Medicine Tom Price was named to Alpharetta-based Jackson Healthcare Medical Advisory Board,according to the AJC. Jackson Healthcare is a healthcare staffing and technology service company, the third largest of its kind, according to their website. Price will serve on the Board, which also includes former Florida Gov. and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush.Government Shuts Down for 69 Hours, Reopens for Three Weeks After Senate Democrats and Republicans failed to compromise on immigration measures in the federal budget for the 2018 fiscal year, various federal workers were furloughed over a three-day period,including over 1 million active duty military personnel, according to The New York Times. On Jan. 22, the Senate voted 81-18 to reopen the government contingent on the Senate Majority leader MitchMcConnell's (R-Ky.) promise to address the issue of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) inpossibly protecting undocumented immigrants.Emory Receives $400 Mill. Donation from Woodruff FoundationThe Robert W. Woodruff Foundation pledged to donate $400 million to Emory, the largest-ever donationto the University, according to a Jan. 8 Emory press release. The money will help fund a new WinshipCancer Institute Tower in Midtown Atlanta and a new Health Sciences Research Building, the releasestates. The Winship Cancer Institute in Midtown will be equipped with "infusion facilities, operating rooms,clinical examination rooms, spaces for rehabilitation, imaging technology and clinical research capacity,"the release reads. The Health Sciences Research Building will become an additional center forresearching childhood diseases and brain, cancer and heart health. The research building will also houseEmory faculty and staff who develop prevention methods and cures for various diseases. In 1979,Robert W. Woodruff and his brother George Woodruff donated $105 million to Emory, the largest donation to a higher education institution at that time.