Members of the College Dean's Student Advisory Board are pushing for a periodic social gathering for College students called a "College Recess."The proposal was discussed at a Sept. 21 Student Advisory Board meeting, a forum held with CollegeDean Michael A. Elliott, Senior Associate Director of Academic Support Programs Tammy Kim andseven student members."College Recess" would most likely be held twice a month and provide students with an opportunity to interact with other College students and faculty members, similar to Goizueta Business School's weeklyKegs event, which offers food and networking opportunities.The Student Advisory Board hopes to hold the recesses on the Quadrangle. According to Elliott,University President Claire E. Sterk said she was "interested in seeing more events on the Quad." Otherpossible locations for the event include the courtyard by Tarbutton Hall, the outdoor area adjacent to the Sanford S. Atwood Chemistry Center or the courtyard by White Hall.The student group said they wanted to create the initiative to build a stronger affinity and identity to theCollege."College Recess will allow every student in the College, regardless of their course of study, to celebrate the liberal arts," Student Advisory Board member Josh Kaplan (21C) wrote in a Sept. 24 email to theWheel. "[The initiative] forms a real sense of camaraderie among students, faculty and staff."The group hopes to focus each recess around a different theme.Student Advisory Board member Tiffany Haas (19C) suggested incorporating "pre-professionalopportunities with alumni" or centering the bi-weekly theme around different College departments.Members discussed the possibility of local or national organizations sponsoring the recesses andcollaborating with various College departments.Other "College Recess" ideas included inflatable castles, water pong, relay races and tug-of-warcompetitions against faculty members.Student Advisory Board member David Kulp (20C) said he wanted the recesses to make the College more "fun.""Emory is really academically focused," Kulp said. "The fun is missing. It's like Emory needs a marketing department to market how fun we are."The board also discussed the possibility of a program that would offer wine and incorporate a liberal artstheme. It would likely be held at Clairmont Campus' Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC) field to cater to College students over 21 years old."My hope is that College Recess will become a signature event in the College and one where faculty and students can engage outside of the class room as well as create lasting memories with theirclassmates," Student Advisory Board member Maya Foster (17Ox, 19C) wrote in a Sept. 24 email to theWheel.At the end of the meeting, Elliott asked the student board members to gain feedback from the student body during "College Recess" planning phases."I want you each to talk to at least five different students about [College Recess] before our nextmeeting," Elliott said.The idea of a College Recess was formed after Elliott proposed creating an event to help students feel more affiliated with the liberal arts.Haas told the Wheel on Sept. 7 that she hoped to collaborate with some leaders of Student Government Association (SGA) and create a weekly College Kegs program similar to BBA Council's Kegs in theCourtyard. During the Sept. 21 Student Advisory Board meeting, Elliott and some board members said College Kegs may encourage under age drinking.The Student Advisory Board was formed in April 2018 and is only open to College students, according toKim."[The board's purpose] was for Dean Elliott to have a sounding board for various ideas he wants to implement in the College and for him to disseminate important information about the College to students,"Kim wrote in a Sept. 24 email to the Wheel.Correction (11/26/18 at 12:09 p.m.): The article originally misstated that Goizueta Business SchoolAssociate Dean Brian Mitchell was present at the Student Advisory Board meeting. Mitchell was not present at the meeting.Correction (11/26/18 at 12:09 p.m.): The article originally misstated that "College Recess" would be held twice a week. The event would be held twice a month.The post Student Board Proposes 'College Recess' appeared first on The Emory Wheel.