On Jan. 10 at 2:42 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to the first floor men's locker room of the Woodruff Physical Education Center (WoodPEC) in reference to graffiti. The complainant, aWoodruff P.E. Center (WoodPEC) employee, led officers to the locker room, where they saw "TRUMPIS A TRAITOR" written on a ceiling beam. The complainant and a facilities manager said they did not know how long the graffiti had been present. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 15 at 3:02 a.m., EPD responded with American Medical Response (AMR) to an Emory Pointapartment in reference to a person down due to alcohol. The subject, an Emory student, was vomiting in the bath room when the officer arrived. The complainant, who is also an Emory student, told the officer that he and the subject were drinking alcohol at a bar earlier that night, but he did not know how much alcohol the subject consumed. AMR provided medical attention to the subject and transported her to Emory University Hospital (EUH) for further treatment. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Jan. 15 at 8:50 a.m., EPD responded with an EUH Public Safety official to the Winship Clinic in reference to harassing communications. The officer met with the complainant, the clinic operationsmanager, and the subject, a nurse practitioner. The nurse said she found a message on the patient portalof her deceased patient that said, "I hold you responsible for my mom death, she suffered for 5 days with no f***ing sense of urgency. Consequences will follow do [due] to your lack urgency. I hope that you have a family goes thru the same thing and suffer like she did. I believe in karma and it comes back upon others that do wrong." The nurse determined that the sender was one of the sons of the deceasedpatient, who died at EUH, as they were both listed as the patient's emergency contacts and had access to her portal. The nurse forwarded the message to the manager because she was concerned for hersafety. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan 15 at 6:48 p.m., EPD responded to the Asbury House in reference to a burglary. The officer spoke with three residents, all of whom are Emory students. One student said he was the last resident to leave the house for winter break on Dec. 21 at 8 a.m., and the first to return on Jan. 9 at 8 a.m. Thebathroom on the second floor was remodeled over winter break, but the kitchen and the rest of the house were off limits, according to the complainants. When the other two residents returned from winter break,they discovered that some of their belongings were missing from the bath room on the second floor, the kitchen on the second floor and a closet on the first floor. The first student said he was not missing any property and that he notified the complex director about the burglary on Jan. 11. Since then, multipleCampus Services (CS) personnel stopped by to help locate the stolen property but were unsuccessful.The first student said he noticed the front door propped open when the construction crew was working on the bathroom. The construction ended on Jan. 15 at 3 p.m. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 17 at 11:05 a.m., EPD took a theft report via telephone. The complainant, who is not affiliated with Emory, said $250 was stolen from her purse while she was in the emergency room of EUHbetween Jan. 14 at noon and Jan. 15 in the early morning. After the complainant was admitted to the emergency room, she left her purse in an unknown exam room while several tests were administered toher. She did not realize her money was missing until her son came to retrieve her belongings on Jan. 15after medical staff admitted her to the hospital for an overnight stay. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Jan. 28 at 1:42 a.m., EPD responded to 17 Eagle Row, the Alpha Epsilon Pi (AEPi) fraternity house,in reference to a person down due to alcohol. The subject, an Emory student, was heavily intoxicated and sitting in a room in the rear of the fraternity house. The subject and several other occupants of the house were drinking alcohol. Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) and AMR responded to the scene and provided the subject with medical attention. AMR transported the subject to EUH for furthertreatment. Campus Life was notified about the incident.The post Crime Report | 1.23.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.