Editor-at-Large Nicole Sadek (20C) was elected as editor-in-chief of The Emory Wheel on Feb. 23.In Sadek's declaration for editor-in-chief candidacy, she wrote that she intends to appoint ManagingEditor Niraj Naik (20B) as her co-editor-in-chief on her first day in office. Sadek was the sole name on the ballot because the Wheel's Constitution states that only one candidate can win the position.The duo and the succeeding executive board assume their new positions on March 8.Voter turnout was almost 100 percent. Of 44 eligible voters, 43 voted in the election. Sadek received 28votes, amounting to 63.6 percent of all votes. Executive Editor Richard Chess (20C) received 15, or 34.1percent.Sadek and Naik's platform said they hope to encourage writers to pursue "passion projects," diversifythe paper's content, fundraise $100,000 for the Wheel's 100th anniversary, improve the paper's onlineinfrastructure and hold workshops to hone journalistic skills.Sadek began at the paper as the social media editor her freshman year. She became copy chief in Spring 2017 and managing editor in Spring 2018. Sadek served as editor-at-large in Spring 2019 after returning from a semester abroad.She believes her experience in these different sections will be an asset to her role as editor-in-chief."I'm happy that I have experience in several different sections, and I think that'll help to contribute to nextyear," Sadek said.Naik started at the Wheel as a writer in Fall 2016 for the Emory Life section and served as assistantEmory Life editor that year before transitioning into Emory Life editor in Fall 2017. Naik became a managing editor in Fall 2018 after Sadek left to study abroad.The co-editors said they will prioritize improving work culture and preparing for the 100th anniversary of the Wheel.Chess said that although he was "disappointed" with the election results, he wishes Sadek and Naik the best in their new roles. Chess previously served as news editor and assistant news editor beforebecoming executive editor in Spring 2018.Chess expressed doubts about having two editors-in-chief run the paper."This election conflated debate about candidate experience and initiatives with the Wheel's governingstructure. I remain unconvinced that the change to two co-editors-in-chief will better serve readers,"Chess said. "Newspapers demand a consistent framework to operate successfully, and it's unclear how two leaders will always achieve consensus."Current Editor-in-Chief Michelle Lou (18C) said she looks forward to seeing what next year's leadershipwill produce for the paper."[Sadek and Naik] obviously work well together, as we saw during their campaign, and it will definitely be interesting to see how they handle being co-editors-in-chief because it's never been done before," Lousaid.Copy Editor Madison Bober (21C) said she agreed with Sadek's advocacy for offering writers and editors more opportunities to contribute to the paper and for a stronger on line presence.Correcton (3/5/18 at 11:12 p.m.): The article previously incorrectly said Sadek and Naik would be the firstco-editors-in-chief.The post Sadek Elected Editor-in-Chief, Intends to Appoint Co-Editor appeared first on The EmoryWheel.