The top 48 male and female high school basketball players in the class of 2019 faced off at State FarmArena in Atlanta on March 27 at the McDonald's All-American Game. Over its 41-year history, the event has featured players including Magic Johnson, LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Zion Williamson. Thisyear, it once again lived up to expectations.On the boys' side, the East team defeated the West team 115-100 led by MVP and No. 1-ranked pointguard Cole Anthony. Anthony, Oak Hill Academy's (Va.) New York-raised star, finished with 14 points,seven assists and five rebounds."Honestly, the win means more than the MVP," Anthony said. "I'm just happy my team came together.We had numerous guys score double-digit points, and that just showed how unselfish we were as ateam. I'm just really happy about that."Cole Anthony was one of five uncommitted prospects playing in the game and has narrowed his college list down to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC), Georgetown University (D.C.), the University of Oregon and the University of Notre Dame (Ind.). He is set to commit in late April.The MVP award was icing on top of the cake for Cole Anthony, whose senior season has been nothing but stellar. He became the first player in Oak Hill's history to average a triple-double for an entire season.This is no small feat, especially for a school with notable NBA alumni such as Kevin Durant, CarmeloAnthony and Rajon Rondo. Cole Anthony, the son of former NBA player Greg Anthony, is hoping to join these alumni in the league within the next couple of years.Small forward Precious Achiuwa also stood out with 22 points and nine rebounds in just 17 minutes on the court. Achiuwa, a stand out at Montverde Academy (Fla.), also remains uncommitted and will choose between the University of Kansas, UNC, the University of Connecticut, the University of Georgia and the University of Memphis (Tenn.). In May, Achiuwa will join an illustrious list of Montverde basketball alumnithat features players such as Ben Simmons, D'Angelo Russell and RJ Barrett.On the girls' side, the East defeated the West 83-68. Point guard Jordan Horston of Columbus AfricentricEarly College (Ohio) walked away with the MVP award following a game-high 14-point performance. Shealso dished out multiple pinpoint, no-look assists and seems to have a knack for passing that will help her at the next level. Horston is headed to the University of Tennessee next fall, and will help bolster a program that took an early exit from the NCAA tournament this year."It's a blessing, but at the end of the day we're all MVPs," Horston said. "I'm just honored to even behere. I'm a fan of all of these girls."Horston definitely impressed fans, but her performance in the game was outshined by Regis Jesuit HighSchool (Colo.) forward Francesca Belibi who became the second woman to win the McDonald's AllAmerican Dunk Contest. Belibi be at both Achiuwa and small forward Scottie Lewis with a high-flyingdunk, jumping over her team mate seated in a chair in front of the basket. Belibi dunks with ease at 6foot-1 and will be an exciting player that fans should be sure to watch going forward.Many of these same players return for action on the big stage in the Jordan Brand Classic, which will take place in Las Vegas, Nev. on April 20.The post Belibi Becomes Second Woman to Win Mcdonald's All-American Dunk Contest appeared first on The Emory Wheel.