On Aug. 18 at 3:23 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to 10 Eagle Row in reference to atheft. The complainant, an Emory student, said his black and gray Staples portable power bank and his white Apple Quick Charge cord were missing. The complainant said he last saw the items on Aug. 13 at8 a.m. in the common room, and returned at 6:45 p.m. the same day to notice the items missing. The complainant also reported four of his shirts stolen from the dryer in the laundry room. He last saw the shirts on either Aug. 11 or 12 at an unknown time.On Aug. 24 at 11:36 a.m., EPD received an entering auto report via telephone. The complainant, a staff member of Emory Healthcare, said her wallet was stolen from her vehicle while it was parked on the ramp of the Lower gate East parking deck. The complainant said she believed her wallet was stolen between 12:30 p.m. and 3:30 p.m. on Aug. 23. The complainant stated she saw no signs of forced entry or damage to her vehicle, and that the interior of her vehicle appeared to be as she left it. She received a phone call on Aug. 23 at about 2:30 p.m. from her bank after they had flagged a number of transactions on her account that they believed to be fraudulent. The complainant did not know when the transactionsoccurred, but stated they began after noon on Aug. 23.On Aug. 25 at 11:21 a.m., EPD met with an Emory student in reference to a stolen wallet and dorm key.The complainant said his key and wallet went missing in his dorm room some time between 11 p.m. onAug. 24 and 9:30 a.m. on Aug. 25. The complainant reported that the only other person in the dorm room at the time was his roommate.On Aug. 27 at 10:19 a.m., EPD responded to Turman Hall in reference to a report of threats. Thecomplainant, a resident adviser (RA), said the on-call RA received a phone call from a resident's parentat approximately 11 p.m. the previous night. The caller told the on-call RA that he was concerned for the safety of the complainant. The on-call RA then handed the complainant the phone, and the father told the complainant that she needed to do her job and that if she did not, he would "put poop in her room." He also said that he would report her to the police. When asked by EP D if she had any idea why the father would make these statements, the complainant said she was told that when the student was moving into her room, she found what was believed to be fecal matter on the floor. The complainant said that she attempted to address the situation when informed of the issue by asking for photos, but the student said it was already cleaned. The complainant said she is worried that the father may try to act on his threats,as he lives in the Emory vicinity and her room and name are clearly identifiable on her door.On Aug. 28 at 12:22 a.m., EPD responded to Woodruff Residential Center in reference to a report of sexual extortion. The complainant, an Emory student, said he matched with a woman on the dating app,Tinder. After they exchanged contact information, they decided to entertain each other sexually via videousing Skype at about 11 p.m. on Aug. 27. The complainant said that before the video started, the subject told him not to speak because her roommate was nearby. The complainant said he agreed and proceeded to perform provocatively while nude, and that the subject reciprocated. When the in teractionended on Aug. 28 at midnight, the complainant said he received a text message from the subject stating that she had recorded him. The subject threatened to post the video to Facebook, but didn't ask for anything in return. After the complainant argued briefly via text with the subject, he contacted EPD to report the incident.On Aug. 28 at noon, EPD received an entering auto report via telephone. The complainant, an Emorystudent, said that her mother left the car key in her vehicle, which was parked at the Peavine Southparking deck, after retrieving some items from the vehicle at about 2 p.m. on Aug. 27. The complainant stated that when she came to the car at 8:30 p.m. the same day, the key was missing along with $80 in cash from the center console of the vehicle.The post Crime Report | 9.1.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.