The Emory track and field team impressed at the Sewanee Indoor Invitational at the University of the South (Tenn.) ahead of the UAA indoor Championships. The women took home gold with a team score of 126 while the men placed second with 106 points, three points behind first-place Birmingham-SouthernCollege (Ala.).On the women's side, the Eagles won a total of five events. Among the first-place winners on the field were senior Paris Wagner in the weight throw (15.59m), junior Isabel Saridakis in the pole vault (3.35m)and senior Jordan Small in the high jump. On the track, sophomores Michelle Ly and Rebekah Bondiwon the 800m run (2:41:14) and the 55m hurdles (8.95), respectively.On the men's side, four Eagles took first place, with junior Alex R and winning the 400m dash (53.15),sophomore Zion Kidd in the 200m dash (23.95), freshman Matthew White in the 800m run (2:03.79) andsophomore Jonathan Rosenfeld in the mile (4:33.86).Assistant Coach Jordan Schilit said the meet was the last opportunity for everyone to show case their skills as an end note to the year."The meet was mostly for people who are not able to go to the conference meet. It was their last chance to shine and show their hard work for the season," Schilit said.After the results of this meet, the team's excitement is at an all-time high going into the UAA IndoorChampionships."Everyone is feeling pretty good. Everyone is getting ready for the next meet," Rand said. "There is a lot of energy for the team. It's good that [we] are all supporting each other."As the team prepares for the UAA Indoor Championships, they are doing lighter practices."Speed and weight lifting [are] going down to keep us fresh," Rand said.Schilit said the teams are looking forward to the conference competition."On the men's side, we have a really young team which can be a blessing and they are ready to mix it up in the conference,"said Schilit. "Our women's team has larger number of veterans and have done very well in the conference meet in the past. They are prepared to do quite well this year."The Eagles travel to Boston for the UAA Indoor Championships on Feb. 23 and 24.The post Track and Field Shines at Sewanee Invitational appeared first on The Emory Wheel.