On Aug. 30 at 10:50 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Emory University Hospital(EUH) in reference to a theft. The complainant, the director of the Emory's Investigational Drug Service,reported the "temperature monitoring system" missing from a room that housed research medicationsand prescriptions, which needed to be kept at certain temperatures to meet pharmaceutical federalguidelines. All storage units, refrigerators and shelves had temperature reading sensors that transmitted current temperatures to a central monitoring device. The complainant said the lead pharmacy techniciannoticed that the temperature monitoring system was not recording the temperatures at about 4 p.m. onAug. 28 and reported it to her. On Aug. 29, the technician from the local vendor who installed the system came to service the equipment and discovered that the central monitoring device had been torn off the wall and was missing. The technician replaced the monitor. The complainant initially said the room should have only been accessible to 11 authorized hospital or clinic employees, but she was later informed that Emory's Department of Public Safety and Facilities Management could also gain access to the room. The complainant expressed concern about the easy accessibility to the area and expressed interest in establishing card access or installing a security camera.On Aug. 31 at 3:49 p.m., EPD responded to a fire alarm at Clairmont Campus Building F. One officer noticed that a sprinkler head in the elevator lobby of the third floor was broken off and that water was shooting out at a high speed. The officer notified Facilities Management personnel, who said at the time that they were not able to determine how much it would cost to repair the sprinkler, but they estimated that the cost of the damage exceeded $500. EPD also notified Campus Life about the incident.On Aug. 31 at 4:52 a.m., EPD responded to EUH to investigate a report of rape.On Sept. 2 at 13:18 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant said that he went to the outdoor pool at the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC) on Sept. 1 at about 2 p.m. He said he took off his gold necklace and placed it on the ground by the diving board at the outdoor pool, but observed that the necklace was missing at 3:30 p.m. The necklace was a gold chain with a pendantdepicting Jesus on the cross. The officer contacted the SAAC staff to inquire about the necklace, but the staff said they did not find a necklace matching the description.On Sept. 4 at 11:30 p.m., EPD responded to the Emory University School of Law in reference to lostproperty. The complainant said her Yeti thermos went missing at an unknown time on Aug. 30 in a faculty member's office on the first floor of Gambrell Hall. The complainant said she saw the item through the glass window in the door, so she didn't wait for the faculty to return and she decided to leave. When she went to retrieve her thermos on Sept. 2, the faculty member told her that he had placed it in a common area outside of the office. She also contacted the facilities staff for the building and they told her that none of their staff had picked up an item matching the description.The post Crime Report | 9.11.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.