The Emory women's tennis team continued their flawless streak with wins over Sewanee: The University of the South (Tenn.) on March 1, Pomona-Pitzer Colleges (Calif.) on March 2 and ClaremontMudd-Scripps Colleges (Calif.) on March 3. The Eagles dominated with 9-0, 9-0 and 5-3 victories,respectively, and secured the Intercollegiate Tennis Association (ITA) National Indoor Championshipagainst Claremont-Mudd-Scripps in Nashville, Tenn.In singles, Emory refused to surrender one set to Sewanee. Freshman Lauren Yoon went to a tie-breakin the first set of her match, but easily won the second set to take a 7-6, 6-1 win. Freshman JessicaFatemi ended the day with a 6-0, 6-4 win in sixth singles.Facing Pomona-Pitzer Colleges, the Eagles once again swept competition. Sophomore YsabelGonzalez-Rico took a 6-2, 6-3 win for first singles and sophomore Defne Olcay wrapped up the match with a 6-2, 4-6, 1-0 victory.Against Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, singles players faced stiff competition. Although sophomoreStephanie Taylor lost 6-3, 6-1, Olcay and Fatemi brought the Eagles back with 6-4, 6-4 and 7-6, 6-2victories, respectively. Freshman Emma Cartledge took a 7-6, 6-4 victory in the final match to win theITA National Indoor Championship.The doubles teams saw similar success. At Sewanee, senior Daniela Lopez and Cartledge won the opening match with an 8-1 victory. Taylor and freshman Christina Watson finished up the do ublesmatches with an 8-4 victory.Gonzalez-Rico and Olcay swept Pomona-Pitzer College in an 8-2 win, while Taylor and Watson roundedoff doubles matches with an 8-5 win.At Claremont-Mudd-Scripps, Gonzalez-Rico and Olcay took an 8-3 defeat, the Eagles secured victory as Watson and Taylor and Lopez and Cartledge scored 8-1 and 8-3 victories, respectively.Yoon said she had fun at the tournament and felt proud of her tennis family."This tournament was fun to play, especially since the team feels like a family," Yoon said. "I'm proud of what we accomplished this past weekend. … I think that this tournament has given us a taste of what it'slike to compete at a national level together, and we're ready to continue our hard work."Head Coach Amy Bryant expressed delight with the hard-fought battle against Claremont-Mudd-Scrippsbut knew that the team must look forward."Playing Claremont-Mudd-Scripps is always a battle and it was exciting to come out on top of this one,"Bryant said. "We're keeping the big picture in mind though; we have a lot of season in front of us."Emory holds strong at a 6-0 season record and will host Millsaps College (Miss.) on March 8.The post Women's Tennis Continues to Dominate, Wins ITA Championship appeared first on The EmoryWheel.