Calif ornia Gov. Considers Bill to Increase Student Athlete RightsThe California State Legislature sent a bill to Gov. Gavin Newsom on Sept. 11 that, if signed, would allow college athletes to obtain endorsement deals and hire agents. The Fair Pay to Play Act, which received unanimous bipartisan support in both the California State Senate and Assembly, would allow collegeathletes to make money from their names, images and likenesses. Newsom has 30 days to sign, veto or allow the bill to become law without his signature.The NCAA, the nation's top college sports regulatory body, warned that it would consider challenging the bill in court. The NCAA sent Newsom a letter the same day he received the bill, writing that it could exclude California schools from NCAA competition due to the "unfair competing advantage" the bill would create for California students.The bill's supporters argue that the college sports industry funnels players' would-be profit to the NCAA,leaving players to fend for themselves with scholarship funds. Supporters also argue that the in dustryexacerbates gender inequality within sports by offering disproportionate opportunities to graduatingathletes of different genders.Meanwhile, those opposing the bill say that the legislature fails to fully understand the workings of theNCAA. The NCAA is currently conducting a study to be released in October. Working group co-chairGene Smith said while the study would not necessitate greater pay for athletes per game, it could change current policies.Uber Ends Electric Bike Use in Atlanta, Keeps ScootersUber decided to end the use of Jump e-bikes in Atlanta on Sept. 13, according to the Atlanta JournalConstitution (AJC). However, Jump e-scooters will still be available through the Uber app. The company did not provide an explanation for its termination of its e-bike operations in the city.E-scooters have faced increasing regulation since their arrival in Atlanta in the summer of 2018,according to the AJC. After two e-scooter related deaths, Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms enforced anighttime riding ban on Sept. 13 prohibiting the vehicles after 9 p.m. Scooters must also be ridden on the street at or below 15 miles per hour.Potential Study Could Reduce Danger for Atlanta's PedestriansThe Atlanta City Council Transportation Committee unanimously requested legislation to conduct a studyevaluating the city's motorist speed limits in an effort to make Atlanta's streets less dangerous,according to the AJC. Proposed by Council member Andre Dickens, the legislation will go to the Atlanta City Council on Monday.The study would examine speed limits and the usefulness of speed trackers, as well as lighting andsidewalk availability. However, the study will likely not mandate new, lower speed limits, according to theAJC.Actress Felicity Huffman Receives 14-Day Jail SentenceU.S. District Court Judge Indira Talwani sentenced actress Felicity Huffman to 14 days in prison, 250hours of community service and a $30,000 fine for her role in the college admissions scandal, according to The New York Times. Huffman is the first parent sentenced in the scandal, which involved wealthyfamilies paying bribes to secure elite college admissions for their children. Huffman paid $15,000 for a proctor to increase her daughter's SAT score.The post News Roundup | 9.18.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.