The Emory women's soft ball team suffered a narrow 7-9 defeat in their season opener against BerryCollege (Ga.) on Feb. 24.Emory's offense started brightly. The Eagles notched a run in each of the first two innings, thanks to RBIsingles from junior right fielder Sami Feller and senior infielder Sam Vincent. Sophomore shortstopNatalie Arreguin led the way in the third inning with a two-RBI double as Emory produced four additionalhits, two walks and two steals to put up an impressive five-spot on the board in the inning.Senior pitcher Toko Miller had an equally impressive start, rendering the Vikings scoreless through fourinnings after getting out of bases-loaded jams in the first and third innings.Over four innings, Emory compiled a commanding 7-0 lead. However, the latter half of the game told a different story.Arreguin believed the Eagles' mentality changed after going up big early."We had a false sense of security up seven runs," Arreguin said. "We became OK with not scoringmore."Berry roared back in the fifth inning, finally turning hits into runs against Miller. After allowing four runs,Head Coach Adrianna Baggetta replaced Miller on the mound with Feller, who was able to momentarilystop the bleeding.Unfortunately for the Eagles, Berry's offensive momentum continued into the sixth inning as a two-runhome run shrunk Emory's lead to 7-6. The Eagles had a great opportunity to respond in the bottom half of the inning, but came up empty despite loading the bases.With a one-run lead entering the final inning, Baggetta handed the ball to sophomore pitcher MadisonSchaefer. Schaefer struggled with her control, allowing Berry to score the tying and go-ahead runs on wild pitches. An RBI single capped off a three-run seventh inning, completing the Vikings' comeback.Emory was unable to string together a response in the bottom half of the seventh and fell to Berry, 7-9.Despite the disappointing loss, Baggetta was still encouraged by her team's play."Everyone stepped up and made something happen at some point in the game," Baggetta said. "[Theloss] can't get bent out of shape. [We need to] learn from it and move forward."The second game of the scheduled doubleheader against Berry was halted due to darkness at the top of the fourth inning with Emory leading 3-0. The game will resume at an undetermined later date.Emory will host DePauw University (Ind.) on March 2 for a double header with the first pitch scheduled fornoon.The post Softball Drops Season Opener appeared first on The Emory Wheel.