The projected cumulative rate of U.S. inflation from 2015 to 2019 is 6.1 percent. If the Student ActivityFee (SAF) from 2015-2016 were increased by 6.1 percent, it would amount to $97.61 per student. InStudent Government Association (SGA)'s email to undergraduates, the "projected" 2019-2020 SAF islisted as $103.50, an increase of over 9 percent since 2015, significantly more than is needed to adjust for inflation.SGA legislators attempted to justify the increase by claiming that the SAF should increase with University tuition, which has increased in recent years at a faster rate than U.S. inflation. The smoothnon-sequitur in a recent OrgSync announcement asserting that the SAF should increase along with tuition to ensure students don't "continue to pay more tuition every year for diminishing returns of quality of campus life experience" is obviously false; as long as the SAF increases with inflation, the spending power of SGA will remain constant.Moreover, students are being asked to trust an irresponsible legislature not only embroiled in financialcrisis, but also facing presidential impeachment proceedings. Since the last time the SAF increased,SGA and its divisional councils have waylaid thousands of student funds. A total of $37,500 was lost in Student Programming Council's (SPC) Migos fiasco, and SGA over-allocated more than $28,000. The sum of those mishaps — $65,500 — amounts to half of the additional estimated $125,800 in funds SGAwould receive annually by increasing the SAF.Last fall, SGA also abjectly failed to carry out a legitimate audit of club spending.Unsurprisingly, students previously objected to a SAF increase. In 2014, 79 percent of voters in aUniversity-wide referendum rejected a $21 increase in the SAF. On the surface, SGA's motivationsappear innocent — and hopefully they are. But if SGA cannot accurately audit or equitably distribute the funds it already has, how can it ask the student body for more?Additionally, Student Governance Services (SGS) and University administrators who oversee SGA have not shared responsibility for its snafus, choosing not to offer apologies for the Migos scandal and SGA'srecent over-allocation mess.Students should reject SGA's current bid to alter the Finance Code until protections are put in place by the University to ensure legislators and officials adhere to their constitution, carry out fair elections and equitably allocate the SAF without mishap.If anything, SGA's activities over the last four years suggest that unqualified undergraduate students cannot be trusted to manage over $1 million in student money. I certainly don't trust them with mine.Madeline Lutwyche (20C) is from Baltimore.The post SAF Hike Wasted On Careless SGA appeared first on The Emory Wheel.