On Jan. 31 at 3:15 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) met with a School of Medicine visitingprofessor regarding harassing phone calls. The professor said two individuals claiming to be from the Drug Enforcement Agency called him and said his name was connected to the license plate of a vehicle in Texas that was discovered with a dead body and drugs inside. The callers asked for his Social Security number and bank information, warning that he would be prosecuted if he did not comply. Thecomplainant provided the callers with his home address and Social Security number but did not give his bank account or credit card information. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 1 at 6:07 p.m., EPD responded to the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC) in reference to a theft. The complainant, an Emory student, said he secured his 2012 Trek Superfly AL 100bike to the bike rack outside the building at about 8:30 p.m. on Jan. 22. When he returned on Feb. 1, he discovered his bike missing and lock cable broken. The total value of the bike lock and bike is $1,030.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 1 at 11:01 p.m., EPD responded to Longstreet-Means Hall in reference to a theft. The twocomplainants, both Emory students, reported that a Patrick Leonard poster had been stolen from the exterior of their room door. The two reported last seeing the poster at noon earlier that day and that they discovered it missing when they returned at 7:30 p.m. The complainants said their resident adviser (RA)gave them permission to hang it on the exterior of their door. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 2 at 4:41 p.m., EPD responded to the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to harassingcommunications. The complainant, an Emory student, said she received an email from her own Emoryaccount on Feb. 1. The email said the sender had full control of the complainant's computer andpossessed explicit footage of her. The sender said threatened to distribute the footage to thecomplainant's contacts if she did not send $752 to a Bitcoin wallet address. The email also threatened to immediately distribute the foot age if the complainant shared the email with anyone. The complainant did not respond to the email and changed her University password. EPD advised she also change the passwords of her social media accounts and inform Library and Information Technology Services (LITS)that her account was compromised. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 4 at 6 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student, said she left her black Champion jacket in a cubby in the downstairs work out area of the SAAC on Jan. 23sometime between 5 and 5:30 p.m. The complainant also said she left three gold rings on a table in the SAAC the day after some time between 3 p.m. and 5 p.m. When she returned to retrieve them, the jacket and rings were missing. The complainant checked with employees several times to see if anyone turned in her property. The jacket is valued at $65 and the rings are valued at $3,000. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 6 at 9:51 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student,said he attended a fraternity event outside of the Goizueta Business School that day at 7 p.m. when one of the event staff members instructed him to put his back pack on a bench. When he returned to the bench at 7:25 p.m., he discovered his backpack, which contained an Apple MacBook Pro and Beats byDre headphones, missing. The total value of the missing items is $2,250. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report 2.13.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.