On Feb. 8 at 11:16 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to a fire alarm at ClairmontResidential Center (CRC). DeKalb County Fire Rescue and Emory Facilities Management were also dispatched to the scene. One officer noticed that a sprinkler head in the hallway of the third floor was broken off and that water was pouring out of a pipe where the sprinkler head was supposed to be. The officer notified Facilities Management personnel, who believed some one hit the sprinkler head, triggering the fire alarm. Facilities Management successfully turned the water off and silenced the fire alarm but were unable to reset the fire alarm system. Facilities Management stated they would conduct a fire watch until the issue was resolved. EPD notified the fire safety coordinator and fire safety director as well as Campus Life about the incident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 10 at 9:23 a.m., EPD responded to the Student Activity and Academic Center (SAAC) in reference to a dispute involving a subject who was previously banned from the facility. The complainant,the SAAC supervisor on duty, said the subject entered the SAAC and got into a dispute with one of the patrons playing basketball. The complainant said the front desk staff, who had been instructed to not ifyEPD if he returned to the facility, did not recognize the subject until after he had already been let inside.When the officer arrived, the subject was requesting the front desk staff refund him for the $10 he had paid to gain entry to the SAAC. The subject claimed he spoke with some one at the SAAC and was allowed to return but did not disclose whom he spoke with. The subject acknowledged the ban but said he wanted a refund before leaving. The officer told the subject the SAAC staff were unable to void histransaction at this time but would attempt to return his money by alternate means. The officer issued the subject a verbal criminal trespass warning, and the subject left the location without incident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 10 at 1 p.m., EPD responded to CRC in reference to criminal trespass and property damage.The complainant, an Emory student, reported that some one unlawfully entered his apartment and damaged his property. The complainant and his roommate left their apartment with the door unlocked onFeb. 9 at 9:30 p.m. The room mate returned on Feb. 10 at about 9:30 a.m. and discovered both themicrowave and the door to the air unit outside of the complainant's bedroom smashed. Thecomplainant's ukulele and mirror were also damaged, along with parts of the wall and the closet door in his bedroom. The complainant believes his baseball bat was used to cause the destruction because the bat had damage that was not present earlier. The room mate said her bedroom door was unlocked andopen, but it did not appear that any one had been in her bedroom. Campus Life was notified about theincident. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 13 at 11:15 p.m., EPD responded to Woodruff Residential Center regarding possession ofmarijuana. The Residence Life staff member on call said he smelled marijuana coming from a dormroom on the second floor. Officers knocked on the door and the subject, an Emory student, said it was OK for them to enter. The subject was with a male Emory student. The officers saw a water pipe and a grinder on the desk and asked the subject if the items and the room were hers, to which she replied yes.When asked if she had any more contraband, the subject retrieved a small plastic bag of marijuana fromher drawer. The officers confiscated all of the contraband and cited both students for violation of AtlantaOrdinance 106-182, possession of one ounce or less of marijuana. The officers gave the students a verbal warning for possession of paraphernalia. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Feb. 13 at 9:40 p.m., EPD responded to the Evans Hall lobby in reference to an intoxicated student.The complainant, a resident adviser (RA) in Evans Hall, said he found a student who appeared to be intoxicated stumbling around the outside of the building and called emergency services. When the officerarrived, the Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS) was providing medical attention to the subject.The subject said she had been drinking alcohol earlier on campus but did not need any medicaltreatment. EEMS determined the subject did not need to be transported to the hospital and canceledDeKalb County Fire Rescue and American Medical Response. Campus Life was notified about theincident.The post Crime Report | 2.20.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.