Emory University Hospital Tower Wins Silver Certification for Building DesignThe U.S. Green Building Council awarded Emory University Hospital Tower a Leadership in Energy andEnvironment Design (LEED) Silver certification, according to an April 10 University press release. LEEDcertification is determined by scores in various categories such as proximity to public transportation and water efficiency. Numerical scores are translated into a certified, silver, gold or platinum rating. Thehospital won the certification for its proximity to public transportation and use of recyclable constructionmaterials, according to the press release.Tayari Jones Wins Aspen Words Literary PrizeEmory Professor of English and Creative Writing Tayari Jones won the second annual Aspen WordsLiterary Prize for her novel "An American Marriage" on April 12. Aspen Words, a non-profit literaryorganization, grants the award in partnership with NPR. Other finalists for the award included NanaKwame Adjei-Brenyah, David Chariandy, Jennifer Clement and Tommy Orange. A five-member panel,chaired by Samrat Upadhyay, a finalist for last year's award, selected the winner, according to NPR. Thepanel selected the finalists from 177 nominations, according to the Aspen Times. Jones also recently received an NAACP Image Award for "An American Marriage." — Ninad KulkarniAstronomists Capture First-Ever Image of Black Hole The Astrophysical Journal of Letters published the world's first photo of a black hole on April 10.Representatives of the Event Horizon Telescope (EHT) revealed the photo during "coordinated pressconferences around the world." The EHT "links telescopes around the globe to form an Earth-sizedvirtual telescope with unprecedented sensitivity and resolution," according to its website. The photo was the result of 10 years of collaboration between researchers from 13 partner institutions. The photocaptured the black hole at the center of Messier 87, a galaxy in the Virgo galaxy cluster.Brexit Deadline Extended by European Union to Oct. 31Two days before Britain was set to withdraw from the European Union (EU), the EU extended the withdrawal deadline to Oct. 31, according to the New York Times. British Prime Minister Theresa Mayproposed a June 30 deadline, which was rejected by the European Council for being too short. Aftersetting the Oct. 31 deadline, the Council agreed to review the exit progress at the end of June. President of the European Council Donald Tusk said that the extension was "a bit shorter than expected," leavingopen the possibility of another extension.Measles Outbreak Ravages New York City New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio declared a public health emergency and called for mandatoryvaccinations on April 9 following a measles outbreak in Brooklyn, according to NPR. The emergency area covers four Brooklyn zip codes where 285 cases of measles have been identified since October.De Blasio's order mandates that all unvaccinated residents living or working in the area receiveimmunization unless they can provide a reason for medical exemption.Part of the Notre-Dame Cathedral Catches FireThe Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris, France caught fire on Monday, April 15. Commander of Parisfirefighters Jean-Claude Gallet said the fire started in the cathedral's attic and spread to the scaffolding that was erected to perform maintenance on the spire. The spire collapsed later that night. Firefightersmanaged to save two of the cathedral's towers but the blaze destroyed most of the roof.The post News Roundup | 4.17.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.