On Jan. 19 at 1:41 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a solicitation report via telephone.The complainant, who lives in Chicago, said he saw a tweet from an Emory student offering to pay someone to beat up the daughter and wife of Jason Van Dyke, a police officer who was sentenced to six years in prison on Jan. 18 for fatally shooting 17-year-old Laquan McDonald in 2014. The tweet read,"$500 to the first person who beats Jason Van Dyke's daughter up and I'm not joking in the slightest …$600 for the mother and the daughter combo. Final offer." The Twitter account owner removed theEmory student identification from her profile after another Twitter user informed her that her tweets were inconsistent with Emory policy, according to the complainant. EPD found insufficient grounds for criminal solicitation because "beating someone up" is not a felony in Georgia, according to EPD RecordsManager Ed Shoemaker. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Jan. 20 at 12:09 a.m., EPD responded to the Lower gate East employee parking deck in reference to someone entering an automobile. The complainant, an Emory Healthcare employee, said she parked herwhite Lexus SUV at about 3 p.m. on Jan. 19 and returned around midnight to find her rear passenger side window broken and purse missing. The total value of the missing items is $586. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 20 at 12:25 a.m., EPD responded to 11-D Eagle Row, the Kappa Alpha Theta lodge, in reference to an intoxicated Emory student. When the officers arrived, the subject was lying on a bench in front of the lodge and vomiting. She received medical treatment from Emory Emergency Medical Services(EEMS) and American Medical Response (AMR). The complainant, another Emory student, told EPDthat although she knew the subject was drinking earlier at Maggie's Neighborhood Bar and Grill, she did not know whom the subject was with or how much alcohol she had consumed. An unidentified studenttold AMR that the subject drank "hard liquor" at the bar. AMR transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH). Campus Life was notified about the incident.On Jan. 21 at 4:56 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant said his filmcompany, Olive Avenue Productions, was working inside the Candler Mansion on Dec. 14, 2018, when one of their portable lights was stolen. The complainant said small tools and equipment are often misplaced during work, so he did not immediately report the light as stolen. The exact time frame of the theft is unknown. The light is valued at $2,500. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 22 at 4:11 p.m., EPD met with an Emory student in reference to a stolen bicycle. The complainant said he left his bicycle unsecured in front of the Student Activity and Academic Center(SAAC) on Jan. 18 at about 5 p.m. He entered the building for a few minutes and discovered his bicyclemissing when he returned. The bicycle is valued at $150. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Jan. 24 at 5:49 a.m., EPD responded to the Raoul Hall kitchen regarding a theft from the vendingmachine. The complainant, an Old Fashion Foods employee, said he arrived to restock the machine at about 5:30 a.m. when he discovered the vending machine door ajar with all the merchandise inside gone.The complainant said the last time a coworker restocked it was either Jan. 18 or Jan. 21. An estimated$400-$500 worth of merchandise was missing in addition to an unknown amount of cash. The complainant said the locking mechanism on the vending machine was tampered with because he was unable to lock and unlock the door with a key. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 1.30.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.