On March 29 at 12:12 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Evans Hall in reference to a person down due to alcohol. When the officers arrived, Emory Emergency Medical Services (EEMS)was on scene providing medical attention to an unconscious Emory student lying on the floor. A friend of the subject, who is also an Emory student, told the officer that she and her friends found the subject and helped her to her room but did not know where she had been or what she drank. The officer asked the second student if she knew where the subject's student ID was. The student began looking through thesubject's wallet and told the officer there was no ID in it, but the officer saw a driver's license in plainview. The officer asked for the wallet twice but the student ignored his requests. When he asked a thirdtime, the student handed over the wallet and the officer discovered a fraudulent Connecticut driver'slicense. The officer confiscated the ID and cited the student for possession of false ID. American MedicalResponse (AMR) transported the subject to Emory University Hospital (EUH) for further medicaltreatment. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On March 29 at 11:05 a.m., an Emory student reported a theft to EPD. The complainant said he was in a practice room on the second floor of the Schwartz Center for Performing Arts on March 28 at 3:30 p.m.,and left the room at 4 p.m. for a lesson. When the lesson ended at 6:20 p.m., the complainant realized he forgot his back pack in the practice room and went to retrieve it. The complainant saw his backpackinside the room, but a chamber ensemble was practicing. He decided to return when they were finished.When he returned to the room at 9 p.m., he found his back pack still in the room, but his Apple MacBookwas missing from inside. The laptop is valued at $1,100. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 30 at 11:07 a.m., EPD responded to Longstreet-Means Hall in reference to a report of a suspicious person. A resident said she was alone in her room sleeping when an unknown male subjectentered, took his pants off and got into the complainant's roommate's bed. She asked the male subjectquestions but he refused to answer. The complainant texted her roommate to inform her of the situation and the room mate contacted their resident adviser (RA) and EPD. When the officers arrived, they entered the room, woke up the subject, and asked him what room he lived in and if he knew what room he was in. The subject replied that he was in his own room. The subject complied with the officers'instruction to get out of the bed and get dressed. The officer noticed the subject smelled of alcohol and his shirt sleeve was wet with spots that looked like vomit. When the officer questioned him about it, the subject said he had not been drinking and had not thrown up. The officer asked the subject for an ID and the subject provided him with a fraudulent Missouri driver's license. EEMS and AMR responded to the scene to evaluate the subject's medical condition. AMR transported the subject to EUH for further evaluation and treatment. The officers cited the subject for possession of a false identification andunderage possession of alcohol. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On March 30 at 1:11 p.m., EPD responded to Emory Point to investigate a report of rape.On April 1 at 10:41 p.m., EPD responded to Clairmont Residential Center Building E in reference to a report of suspicious activity. The officer arrived and spoke to two friends, a complainant and witness,who are both Emory students. The witness said an unknown male knocked on her bedroom window at8:30 p.m. The person at the window said he knew her friend and asked to let him in through the exteriorcard access door. The witness let the subject in through the exterior door but not into her apartment. She then noticed the person had a black handgun tucked in the waistband of his pants. The witness called the complainant to let her know there was a male standing outside and warned her that he had a gun. Thecomplainant told EPD the subject was a high school friend who wants to date her. The complainant called the male and asked him to meet her in the Hope Lodge parking lot. The two met and the man cursed at the complainant multiple times, asking if she was dating someone else. The complainant refused to answer and the subject eventually left. The complainant said she has previously asked the subject to stop contacting her and she eventually blocked his number. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 2 at 6:48 p.m., EPD responded to the Undergraduate Residential Center Building D in reference to a theft. The complainant, an Emory student, said she left her apartment at 11:30 a.m. on April 2 and returned at 6 p.m. to find her Apple MacBook Pro, Apple iPad, Apple Pencil and Beats headphonesmissing from her bedroom. The complainant was un sure if the front door was locked as she shares the apartment with three other roommates. The officer spoke with one of the room mates who said she was not missing anything from her room. The other room mates were not at the location when the officersarrived. There were no signs of forced entry. The total value of the missing items is $2,115. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 3 at 7:33 a.m., EPD responded to the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to a theft. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, said he was in the Matheson Reading Room earlier that day. At 4:30a.m., he went to the first floor to take a nap and left his Apple MacBook Pro and other property in the Reading Room. When he returned at 6:50 a.m., he discovered his laptop missing. The complainant said the Reading Room was empty when he left. The laptop is valued at $1,000. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 3 at 9:31 p.m., EPD spoke with an EUH employee in reference to damage to his white 2014Toyota Tundra. The complainant said he parked on the third level of the Lower gate East Parking Deck at6:30 a.m. When he returned to his vehicle at 7 p.m., he noticed a note on his front driver side window thatread, "Your parking is atrocious. Maybe invest in a smaller car. Have a great day." When the complainant got home, he noticed a small dent on the rear driver side fender. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On April 4 at 3:08 a.m., EPD met with an employee at Domino's Pizza in Emory Village in reference to a theft that occurred near Shoup Court on Emory's Clairmont Campus. The complainant, who is the manager of the Domino's, said that one of his employees reported seeing a Domino's car-topper that was stolen from another delivery driver's vehicle on an unknown black Honda Civic traveling on DooleyDrive at 3:05 a.m. The car topper was stolen on either March 22 or March 23 at about midnight,according to the driver it was stolen from. The driver said he removed the car-topper and placed it in some bushes for "safekeeping" while he made a delivery. When he returned to the bushes to retrieve thecar-topper, it was gone. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 4.10.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.