Emory Among Top Producers of Teach For America MembersEmory was ranked No. 1 among medium-sized schools contributing to the 2019 Teach For Americacorps, sending 28 graduates in 2019. The University ranked No. 3 last year.Emory ranked above similarly-sized institutions, such as Northwestern University (Ill.) and Dartmouth College (N.H.). Teach For America recruits college graduates to teach in low-income public schools across the United States for at least two years. This year's Teach For America corps was placed in 51regions across 36 states and the District of Columbia.Education Dept. Rolls Back Leniency on Student Loan ForgivenessOn Sept. 6, U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos outlined plans to roll back an Obama-era policyaimed at counteracting student loan fraud by for-profit colleges.DeVos's new plan, which is set to take effect in July 2020, places a stricter standard on student loanborrowers seeking redress against colleges.The new standard narrows the type of misconduct that students can file to claim lo an forgivenessagainst. Borrowers also must supply more detailed information about the alleged financial fraud,according to Politico. Students will also be restricted to a period of three months after they graduate to file the claim.The Department of Education has not made a decision on any claims filed for more than a year,according to Politico.Michigan State Fined Over Negligence in Larry Nassar CaseThe U.S. Department of Education fined Michigan State University (MSU) a record $4.5 million on Sept.5 after evaluating the school's failure to report claims of sexual assault by Larry Nassar, former doctor for the U.S. women's gymnastics team and MSU associate professor.The Department's civil rights investigation, which opened in February 2018, found that university officialsneither adequately addressed complaints nor took swift punitive action against Nassar and WilliamStrampel, former dean of the university's College of Osteopathic Medicine, who was found guilty of misconduct in office for failing to properly oversee Nassar.MSU Provost June Youatt resigned following the release of the investigation's findings. Several formeruniversity officials, including former President Lou Anna K. Simon, face federal charges over their failure to take students' claims of sexual assault seriously.Prosecutors Recommend Convictions for Parents in College ScandalFederal prosecutors are recommending prison time for parents who have pleaded guilty in the college admissions cheating case, according to The Wall Street Journal.The recommended sentences range from one month for actress Felicity Huffman to 15 months for Los Angeles business executive Stephen Semprevivo. Huffman and Semprevivo were two of the 34 parentscharged in a sweeping federal case that prosecuted wealthy parents who unfairly bought their children admission into elite colleges.Huffman, best known for her role in the TV show "Desperate Housewives," paid $15,000 to a college admissions counsel or to have her daughter's answers on an SAT exam corrected. Huffman said her child was unaware of the fraudulent score, according to The Washington Post.The post News Roundup | 9.11.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.