The Emory men's tennis team had a successful two-match trip in Claremont, Calif. this past weekend,coming away with victories over the University of California (UC), Santa Cruz Banana Slugs on March23 and the Williams College (Mass.) Ephs on March 24. The Eagles defeated UC Santa Cruz 7-2 and took down Williams 6-3, extending their winning streak to four. In addition, Emory senior Adrien Bouchetwas named Men's Tennis Athlete of the Week by the University Athletic Association.The Eagles dropped just one match in singles play, winning their remaining five matches in straight sets.Cassone took the unfortunate 7-6, 6-4 loss. Despite the doubles loss, Jemison and Bouchet each won their singles matches with identical scores of 6-3, 6-1, and Mora triumphed with a commanding 6-2, 6-0victory. Freshman Andrew Esses and senior James Spaulding rounded out the victories with respective scores of 6-2, 6-2 and 6-1, 6-4.In doubles play, Emory went 2-1 against the Banana Slugs on Saturday. Sophomore Hayden Cassoneand freshman Antonio Mora secured a dominant 8-2 victory, while senior James Spaulding along with sophomore Will Wanner squeezed out an 8-6 victory. Seniors Adrien Bouchet and Jonathan Jemisonwere defeated 8-7 in an extremely close match.Freshman Antonio Mora said he feels like the team did not get off to the best start this season but that they have worked incredibly hard to get back on track."I'm confident with our squad we will be one of the favorites [to win NCAAs]," Mora said. "It's a longseason, and there's still a lot of work to be put in."On Sunday, Emory lived up to its No. 4 national ranking with a win over No. 5-ranked Williams. TheEagles came away with wins in four of the six singles matches, three of which went to a third set.Jemison rallied for a 5-7, 7-6, 6-1 win to improve his record to 15-2 this year. Cassone moved to 10-5following his 6-3, 5-7, 6-1 victory and Esses battled back from a tough first set to defeat his opponent 26, 6-4, 6-0. Bouchet added the fourth singles win in straight sets, beating his opponent 6-3, 7-5. Spauldingand Mora each lost their matches with scores of 6-2, 6-2 and 6-3, 7-6, respectively.In doubles play, Emory went 2-1 once again. The No. 1 duo of Jemison and Bouchet earned an 8-6 winwhich raised the pair's season ledger to 15-4. Spaulding and Wanner notched the other doubles victorywith an 8-3 triumph, while Cassone and Mora were defeated 8-6 in their matchup.Head Coach John Browning said he believes the team is getting better with each match and that they have the ability to come away with another national championship this season. A championship runwould earn the Eagles their fifth national title and their third in the last six years."Every game is a work in progress, and we are headed in the right direction," Browning said. "Ourultimate goal is to win the NCAA tournament, and each day we need to get mentally and physically stronger in order to put us in that position."The Eagles now sit at 8-2 on the season. Emory returns home for a match against Kalamazoo College(Mich.) on March 28.The post Eagles Secure Two Important West Coast Victories appeared first on The Emory Wheel.