The Emory women's tennis team secured sweeping victories against Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD), Atlanta and Brenau University (Ga.) on Feb. 15. The Eagles defeated SCAD Atlanta 8-1and swept Brenau 9-0.In doubles, the Eagles obtained two resounding 8-1 wins against SCAD Atlanta. Sophomore StephanieTaylor and freshman Christina Watson formed one winning duo, while junior Emma Perelman andfreshman Lauren Yoon formed the other.In singles, Emory dominated all their matches. Sophomore Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico won the first singlesmatch in two straight sets, 6-2, 6-1. Taylor prevailed in her match up 6-4, 6-2. Freshman Jessica Fatemialso emerged victorious in two sets 6-0, 6-2. Perelman and Yoon added to their doubles victory withsingles victories of their own, Yoon winning 6-2, 6-2 and Perelman winning 6-0, 6-2. Watson shut out her opponent 6-0, 6-0.Head Coach Amy Bryant praised the team's performance against SCAD."I thought it was a good first match and a good start," she said.The team's strong performance carried into the game against Brenau. The Eagles started the match with a three-set win in doubles. Gonzalez-Rico and sophomore Defne Olcay defeated their opponents 8-1.Watson and Fatemi played consistently and gained triumph in a close 8-7 game on court two. FreshmanEmma Cartledge and sophomore Katie Chang also secured an 8-5 victory.Once again, the Eagles recorded straight set wins in all six singles matches. Olcay secured an easy 6-1,6-2 win. Yoon recorded another win, 6-4, 6-4. Fatemi won 6-2, 6-2, and Taylor defeated her opponent 63, 6-3. Perelman won with a single set 6-1, as her opponent retired after the first set. Chang won in two straight sets, 6-1, 6-1.While the entire team performed well, Assistant Coach Barbora Krtickova pointed to the freshmenplayers' performances."They have not played much before, and this match is good for them to practice and they did well,"Krtickova said.The Eagles return to action on Feb. 20 when they face Georgia Gwinnett College.The post Tennis Starts Off Season With Two Convincing Wins appeared first on The Emory Wheel.