On Sept. 8 at about 11:30 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) met with a student in reference to atheft. The complainant stated that on Sept. 7, he left his $350 silver Bose headphones, which were inside a black protective case, at a computer station on the second floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library. The complainant said he remembered having his headphones at 3:30 p.m. but did not remember having them when he left the library at around 5:00 p.m. The complainant said he searched the area where he remembered leaving his headphones, but was unable to find them. He also checked with the WoodruffLibrary lost and found and was told that the head phones had not been turned in.On Sept. 9 at about 11:01 a.m., EPD responded to a report about harassing communications. Thecomplainant stated that from late May to July 2019, a male subject was communicating with her via phone call and text message. After the first couple of weeks, she asked him to stop contacting her and blocked his number. However, the complainant said she received anonymous phone calls and texts inJuly. The complainant stated that on Aug. 27, the subject approached her, grabbed her wrist and insisted that they needed to talk. She told the subject to leave her alone and that she needed to leave to meet afriend. The complainant said that the subject let go of her but continued to follow her until she met her friend at the Rollins School of Public Health. The complainant said that on Sept. 5, the subject approached her at Woodruff Circle and asked her why she was ignoring him. The complainant also said that on Sept. 6, she saw the subject and attempted to ignore him but he followed her and grabbed herarm. After yelling, "Don't touch me," the complainant met with her friends. The subject walked away,exclaiming, "I'll see you later!" The complainant reported that on Sept. 8, she saw the subject sitting near her at church services and proceeded to move away from him. The complainant said that she had never seen the subject at the church service before, despite attending it every Sunday. At the end of theservice, the complainant felt somebody behind her and discovered that it was the subject, who asked her why she was ignoring him. Afraid, the complainant left the church with her friend and ran to their vehicle.The complainant reported that when they got to the car, the subject hit the door with his hands while saying something inaudible.On Sept. 9 at 3:35 p.m., EPD responded to Lowergate Parking Deck in reference to an assault. Thecomplainant, an Emory employee, stated that at around 3 p.m. she was assaulted outside the FacilitiesManagement E-Zone Shop while inside her supervisor's vehicle. A witness saw a female subjectapproach the vehicle and punch the complainant in the head, after which the subject entered the vehicle and proceeded to fight. The witness and the driver broke up the altercation. The complainant said she had dated the driver one year ago but ended their romantic relationship once she became a supervisor.The complainant said the driver is now dating the subject, who allegedly did not like that she and the driver were communicating.The post Crime Report | 9.18.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.