Emory senior left fielder Richard Brereton (20B), along with Emory baseball Assistant Coach EthanSolomon (02C) and former Pitching Coach Mathew Troupe, traveled to Bonn and Solingen, Germany, to represent Great Britain in the 2019 European Baseball Championship. The tournament's opening game was held on Sept. 7, with every team playing one game each day until its conclusion on Sept. 15.Brereton proved to be a clutch hitter for Great Britain as he drove in multiple runs and made it on base atkey moments. Solomon stepped on the mound twice during the tournament, with his shining momentcoming against Austria as he shut down the team's offense and struck out seven in only four innings.Great Britain played alongside the Netherlands, Germany, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Israel, Spain,Italy, Belgium, France, Croatia and Austria. Each team was fighting for a spot in the top five, arequirement for the World Baseball Softball Confederation Europe-Africa Olympic Qualifier for the 2020Olympics in Tokyo.Born in London, Brereton holds dual citizenship with Great Britain and the United States. He began representing Great Britain seven years ago after researching the national team program with his father.After emailing Head Coach Will Lintern and sending him videos, Brereton was invited to play in Croatia for the U-18 Baseball World Cup the summer of 2014. Brereton played three years for Great Britain's U18 team, two years for their U-23 team, and he was promoted to the senior national team this year, his sixth year in the program.Lintern was an assistant coach for Great Britain in the European Championship this year, but he was not the only person Brereton had a long-standing relationship with on the team. Solomon and Troupe proved to be valuable to Brereton's experience and growth as a ballplayer."[Solomon and Troupe] have incredible experience in the game," Brereton said. "I try to pick their brains and learn from them as much as possible."Solomon and Brereton started together — with Solomon as pitcher and Brereton out in left field — in the first game of the tournament against the Netherlands. The Netherlands, who ultimately won thetournament, defeated Great Britain 10-2. Solomon pitched five innings and allowed four runs on eight hitswhile Brereton managed two hits including a double which helped score one of Great Britain two runs.Their next game against Germany ended in an uneventful 1-0 loss. Their first win came the following day while facing the Czech Republic. The Czech Republic and Great Britain were tied 3-3 heading into the ninth inning when Brereton was called on to pitch in relief. Brereton earned the win as he held off the Czech Republic in the bottom of the 10th inning, after the offense scored a run to win the game 4-3.After losing to Israel 7-4, the team turned around the next day and beat Sweden 13-7. Brereton, namedstarting pitcher in this match, pitched four full innings and allowed four runs off of two hits. He also performed at the plate, managing one hit and one run in the first inning.Solomon made his final appearance on the mound in the next game against Austria on Sept. 12. AfterGreat Britain's starting pitcher allowed five runs in two innings, Solomon stepped up and pitched fourscoreless innings. He only allowed three hits and struck out seven. Even with his brilliant effort, Great Britain lost the game 6-1.Great Britain entered the final three days of play with a losing 2-4 record but beat Sweden again, 12-2,and Croatia, 5-1, to even out their record. In the final game, the team faced Austria in an excitingrematch. Austria took an early lead, but Great Britain rallied with the help of Brereton, who brought in three runs early in the game to keep it close. Great Britain ultimately won the game 11-9 and finished the tournament with a winning record of 5-4.After the final game, Brereton reflected on his experience at the tournament and expressed gratitude for the opportunity and for the game of baseball."I am so lucky to be involved with this first-class organization and cherish every opportunity I get to play for them," Brereton said of his experience playing on Great Britain's senior team. "Baseball has taken me all over the country and all over the world, for which I am eternally grateful."Brereton also showed a deep appreciation for his family, who have encouraged and supported him through the whole process."The best part of playing for the team this year was that my parents and grandparents were able to be there with me," Brereton said. "I can't really put into words what that means to me, but I feel really lucky to have such incredible support … To share this journey with them is really special."Brereton returned to Emory shortly after the conclusion of the tournament and has since begunpracticing with Emory's baseball team. Motivated by a love of the game and with an amazing experience under his belt, Brereton will be a player to look out for this up coming baseball season as he, Solomonand the rest of the Eagles chase a University Athletic Association title.The post Eagles Represent Emory at European Baseball Championships appeared first on The EmoryWheel.