On Feb. 28 at 2 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a harassing communications report viatelephone. The complainant, an Emory University Hospital (EUH) Midtown nursing technician, reported that a subject repeatedly called the emergency room for insignificant reasons. The subject had called fivetimes, the first on Feb. 23 and most recently on Feb. 27. The subject continued calling the emergency room even though the complainant asked the subject to stop. The complainant told EPD he only wants to report the incident and did not wish to press charges because he does not believe the subject intends to physically harm him. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 1 at 6 p.m., EPD responded to EUH Midtown in reference to a report of missing property. Thecomplainant, a patient who is unaffiliated with Emory, said he gave a bag containing his valuables to an unidentified nurse before going into surgery. The nurse told the complainant that his belongings would besecured. After the surgery, the complainant and his property were transferred to another room. When the complainant checked his bag, he discovered $645 in cash and an iPhone X missing. A public safety officer questioned the nurses who transported the complainant to the operating room and checked thenurses' station, laundry and lost and found bin but was unable to locate the missing items. The total value of the missing items is $1,645. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 1 at 10:52 p.m., EPD responded to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta (CHOA) at Egleston in reference to a vehicle theft. The complainant, who is unaffiliated with Emory, said he parked a 2009Suzuki motorcycle in front of CHOA at about 8 p.m. and found it missing when he returned at 10:50 p.m.The complainant said the motorcycle belonged to his friend, who is also unaffiliated with Emory. Securitycamera footage from CHOA showed the complainant had driven the motorcycle away from where it was parked and it had not been stolen. Officers arrested the complainant for falsely reporting a crime and transported him to De Kalb County Jail. He was released on recognizance.On March 2 at 4 a.m., an EPD officer was patrolling the area near Clairmont Road and North DecaturRoad when he observed a 2015 Nissan Altima without its headlights on. The officer conducted a traffic stop and made contact with the driver, who is unaffiliated with Emory. The driver provided the officer anAlabama identification card and said she did not have a driver's license with her. The officer had EPDDispatch run the subject's I.D. through the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database and discovered the subject's Alabama license had been suspended. The officer arrested the subject for driving with a suspended license and transported her to the De Kalb County Jail.On March 3 at 5:14 p.m., EPD responded to the Woodruff Physical Education Center in reference to a theft report. The complainant, an Emory Laney Graduate School student, said he left his propertyunsecured in a locker in the men's locker room at 4:15 p.m. When he returned at 5 p.m., he discovered the locker open and his blue jeans, house key, wallet, MARTA card, German I.D. card, three financialcards and $10 in cash missing. The total value of the missing items is unknown. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 5 at 1:21 p.m., EPD responded to EUH in reference to a person refusing to leave. The subject,who is unaffiliated with Emory, was visiting family members at the hospital when she got into a verbal altercation with another visitor, according to Emory Healthcare public safety officials. The subject made threats to the visitor and staff. She initially refused to leave but eventually left on her own. EPD officersmade contact with the subject outside of the hospital and ran her name through the NCIC database,which revealed that she had an outstanding warrant from Cobb County for a probation violation. The officers arrested her and searched her personal belongings. The officers found a Taurus handgun andmultiple clear baggies containing pieces of a hard white substance believed to be cocaine in the subject'spurse. An officer tested the substance and confirmed it was cocaine. She was arrested and charged with possession of a weapon in a school safety zone, possession of a weapon while committing certain crimes and violation of the Georgia Controlled Substances Act. She was transported to DeKalb County Jail and released on bond. The subject was told not to return to Emory property.The post Crime Report | 3.13.2019 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.