The No. 1-ranked NCAA Division III Emory women's tennis team came into the weekend undefeated on the season with two matches against De Pauw University (Ind.) and No. 22-ranked Washington and Lee University (Va.). The Eagles cruised to 9-0 victories against both teams to improve their record to a perfect 12-0.During the Eagles' victories, senior Daniela Lopez and freshman Emma Cartledge led the way with a pair of straight-set wins in singles. Lopez won her first singles match against De Pauw 6-1, 6-2 beforedefeating her second singles opponent from Washington and Lee 6-2, 6-0. Cartledge played secondsingles against De Pauw and won 6-2, 6-1 before posting a 6-3, 6-1 win at fourth singles againstWashington and Lee. Lopez and Cartledge teamed up during doubles matches; the pair handled theirDePauw opponents 8-0 and their Washington and Lee opponents 8-5.Lopez, as the lone senior, was honored on Senior Day on March 30 for her incredible four-year careerwith the program. She was also named the University Athletic Association (UAA) Women's Tennis CoAthlete of the Week for her incredible performances against De Pauw and Washington and Lee. This is the fourth time of Lopez's career that she was named UAA Athlete of the Week.Sophomore Ysabel Gonzalez-Rico also played a big part in the Eagles' victory over Washington andLee, as she convincingly won her first singles match 6-2, 6-1. For Gonzalez-Rico, this single s victorymarked her team-leading 20th singles victory of the year.Head Coach Amy Bryant commended the team's performances this weekend."Overall, we are functioning as a great team unit," Bryant said. "Everyone is stepping up when they needto."Over the course of the weekend, the Eagles won all six doubles matches and 11 out of 12 singlesmatches in straight sets.Emory will travel this coming week end for matchups against No. 7-ranked Tufts University (Mass.) onApril 5 and No. 5-ranked Middlebury College (Vt.) on April 7.The post No. 1 Ranked Tennis Cruises to Victory appeared first on The Emory Wheel.