Carol Anderson, Tayari Jones Nominated for NAACP Image AwardsTwo Emory professors were nominated for the 2019 NAACP Image Awards for their literary works.Carol Anderson, who serves as Charles Howard Candler Professor of African American Studies and chair of African American studies, was nominated in the "Outstanding Literary Work — Youth/Teens"category for her book "We Are Not Yet Equal: Understanding Our Racial Divide." Anderson's book is the young adult adaptation of her 2016 book "White Rage," which examines white society's treatment ofAfrican-American progress.Tayari Jones, professor of English and creative writing, was nominated for her novel "An AmericanMarriage" in the category of "Outstanding Literary Work — Fiction." A New York Times bestseller and a selection of Oprah's Book Club, "An American Marriage" details how a black man, Roy, and his wife deal with Roy's wrongful imprisonment.The NAACP Image Awards celebrates the accomplishments of people of color in television, music,literature and film, as well as people "who promote social justice through creative endeavors," according to a Feb. 13 press release.Rollins Foundation Pledges $65 Million to Emory The O. Wayne Rollins Foundation pledged $65 million to construct a third Rollins School of Public Health building at Emory, according to a Feb. 13 University press release. The building will be named the R.Randall Rollins Building and located next to the existing School of Public Health facilities. The building is in the early stages of planning and more information will be available during Summer 2019, according to Vice President for Campus Services Matthew Early.Emory Hospitals Ranked Among Top HospitalsEmory University Hospital and Emory University Hospital Midtown were ranked in the top 2 percent ofhospitals nationwide in 2019, according to a Feb. 12 report from Healthgrades. The hospitals were evaluated "on clinical quality out comes for 32 conditions and procedures," including heart attack,pneumonia, respiratory failure and more. About 85 percent of patients reported they would "definitelyrecommend" Emory University Hospital, and about 73 percent of patients said the same of the Midtownlocation, according to the report.Five Workers Dead in Illinois ShootingFive workers died in Aurora, Ill., on Feb. 15 after a former employee opened fire on his previousworkplace, the Henry Pratt Company's warehouse, according to The New York Times. The gunman, 45year-old Gary Martin, died while exchanging gun fire with police officers, injuring five police officers in theprocess, the Times reported. Martin's sister told the Times that he had worked at the warehouse for about 20 years before he was recently let go. Martin's state weapons permit was revoked five years ago due to a felony assault conviction, according to the Times.Trump Declares National Emergency for Border WallPresident Donald J. Trump declared a national emergency on Feb. 15 to obtain funding to build a wall on the United States' southern border after Congress refused to give him the $5.7 billion he requested. Theemergency declaration will allow Trump to use the $3.6 billion allocated to military construction projects for the wall, the Times reported. Trump also plans to divert $2.5 billion from counternarcotics programsand $600 million from a Treasury Department asset forfeiture fund, according to the Times. Congressallocated $1.375 billion toward the border wall. In a Feb. 15 press conference, Trump said, "I expect to be sued … [but] I think we will be very successful in court." The last time a U.S. president declared a national emergency authorizing military action was after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.The post News Roundup | 2.20.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.