[caption id="attachment_31662" align="alignnone" width="1024"] Santiago Garcia (Oscar Isaac) uniteshis retired friends from the U.S. Special Forces to conduct a heist in the Colombian jungle in Netflix's'Triple Frontier.'/Courtesy of Netflix[/caption]This year, Netflix landed a critical success in "Roma," a film that it acquired. Unfortunately their original films are mostly unwatchable or simply forgettable. Although "Triple Frontier," the latest off of the streaming service's assembly line, is possible to sit through, it does not possess an impactful message.The story follows Santiago "Pope" Garcia (Oscar Isaac), a government agent that brings his retired friends from the U.S. Special Forces back into the field for an unauthorized, rogue heist in the Colombianjungle. When things turn sour for the band of veterans, they fight for survival in the remote border zone where Colombia, Peru and Brazil intersect. The film's ensemble cast includes Pedro Pascal asFrancisco "Catfish" Morales, Ben Affleck as Tom "Redfly" Davis, Garrett Hedlund as Ben Miller, CharlieHunnam as William "Ironhead" Miller and Adria Arjona as Yovanna.If you're looking for engaging action or drama, you'll walk away from this film only partially satisfied. Thestory borrows elements from heist, drug bust and military movies, but fails to make them work together in a believable way, resulting in an unfocused and uncommitted final product. The film may have worked better had it fully commanded one genre; instead, it feels like an odd mesh of three movies in one. It is a jumble of gun fight sequences with no sense of structure.For a drug-bust movie set in Colombia, the country's infamous drug war acts more as a set piece than a legitimate plot point. The film fails to bring a new perspective to the conflict and the correlation between money and corruption. Pope is an agent who seeks to take down a major drug lord. However, his fellow policemen use cruelty to acquire information, proving they can be just as ruthless as their enemies. Lateron, little is said about the morality surrounding the thieving and murdering done by Pope's crew. Betweenthem and the drug lords, it becomes hard to pinpoint the good from the bad. Director J.C. Chandorshows the dark sides of our heroes but fails to equally show their redeemable traits.The build up to the heist is a bit fast, given that the team is assembled with little delay and few setbacks.Any artificially created conflict shortly resolves itself and appears to exist only to drag out the film'sruntime. If the men do not agree to join Pope on his mission, there would be no movie, hence there are no real stakes leading up to the heist.Pope, the central character, is easily the least interesting of the bunch. He is overshadowed by the more eccentric personalities, like Redfly, the violent loose cannon. Pope is probably the character audiencemembers are supposed to relate to the most, but Isaac's lifeless performance makes forming any connection challenging.Something must also be said about the film's excessive use of '70s music. Too often, filmmakers try to score extra points with the audience by throwing in old hits for the nostalgia factor. When done lazily,however, the result is almost laughable. Usually, an epic tune like "The Chain" by Fleetwood Mac wouldpair with an emotionally charged scene — not a bland exchange when a father drops his daughter off atschool. In another example, the film takes the predictable route in playing Creedence Clearwater's "RunThrough the Jungle" as the characters arrive in the jungle for the first time.Like other Netflix originals, including "Birdbox" and "Bright," "Triple Frontier" feels rushed and generic,despite boasting a star-studded cast. One of the reasons these films fall short could be the sheer number of movies Netflix releases within a short amount of time. In 2018, Netflix released 80 originalfilms while some of Hollywood's biggest studios — Warner Bros., Universal and Sony — put out 82projects combined. It seems, then, that an increase in quantity leads to a decrease in quality. My worry is that Netflix will continue its success with its current strategy: flooding the movie market with mediocrefilms, which will only encourage more second-rate projects in the future.For the most part, the film's characters are two dimensional and poorly designed. Ironhead stands out due to an odd quirk where he has to keep count of everything he does, such as how many times he killssomeone. He is a breath of fresh air from the rest of the cookie-cutter crew but not very relatable.Likewise, Hunnam's Australian accent is strong at times and breaks the illusion that his character isAmerican. This awkward detail makes it seem like the film was rushed in the production process and did not give the actors enough time to prepare for their roles.I found it hard to relate to Pope's team, who seemed to be purely motivated by money. They commit several questionable acts, including killing civilians and bribing locals. One by one, I ran out of people to root for and, by the end, felt totally detached from the struggle of the movie's "heroes." For the most part,they are greedy and guiltless about their misdeeds. The film might have been stronger had the characters actually grappled with their actions, but their lack of remorse makes them seem inhuman.The only voice of reason comes from Ironhead, who keeps the others on track in carrying out theirmission.While I had gripes with the film's character development and genre blending, the movie's saving grace came with its cinematography and sound design. In particular, one mountain scene used beautiful wideangles and long shots to capture the excitement of a shoot out in the Andes. I found myself instinctivelyflinching at the echoey gunshots that ricocheted off the boulders. At the film's conclusion, certain sideplots still felt unresolved. The relationship between Pope and Yovanna, for example, is never fully fleshedout and could've been left out altogether."Triple Frontier" is a mediocre action-heist film that is messy, soulless and tasteless. It had the potential to be a stand out film in the vain of "Narcos" and "Sicario" but missed its mark. It's a shame to see talents like Isaac and Affleck go to waste. Yet again, Netflix adds another stinker to the pile.Grade: C+The post 'Triple Frontier' is Three Times the Bore appeared first on The Emory Wheel.