The Emory women's basketball team snapped its seven-game winning streak after a tough five-pointloss at Case Western Reserve University (Ohio) on Feb. 15. However, the Eagles overcame thesetback on Feb. 17, trouncing Carnegie Mellon University (Pa.) 57-46 to rise to 18-6 overall and 9-4 in the University Athletic Association (UAA).Against the Case Western Spartans, senior center Ashley Oldshue posted 14 points and 11 rebounds,earning the 18th double-double of her career. Junior guards Allison Chernow and Erin Lindahl alsoscored in double figures. Lindahl, a three-point specialist, knocked down two three-pointers, extendingher streak to 18 games with at least one triple and tying the sixth longest mark in program history.Though Lindahl's score brought the Eagles a head three points with 6:31 remaining in the fourth quarter,Case Western tightened their defense, holding the Eagles scoreless for the next four minutes and turningEmory's three-point lead into a five-point deficit.The Eagles tried to claw their way back into the game, tying the game at 56 with 1:28 left. However,down the stretch, the Spartans' clutch free throw shots kept the Eagles at bay and ultimately broughtCase Western a hard fought five-point win.Despite their difficult Feb. 15 loss, the Eagles bounced back on Sunday, coasting to an 11-point win overCarnegie Mellon. Lindahl once again showed her three-point marksmanship, making five three-pointersand scoring a season-high 21 points, with 14 of those points coming in the second half. Chernow andOldshue also scored in double figures.Though the Eagles led by only two points at the end of the third quarter, a 22-4 run put them up 20 pointswith 5:19 left in the fourth quarter, sealing the victory. After running into foul trouble in the first half, Lindahlfound her footing in the second half sparking the 22-4 game sealing run."In the second half, when I was able to go back in we just ran our normal motion offense, and it was easy for me to get into the gaps of the zone so that I could get more wide-open on the outside," Lindahl said.During this run, Lindahl drained three triple s while Oldshue contributed five points.The win against Carnegie Mellon brought the Eagles to third place in the UAA with a chance of tying forsecond. The Eagles' concluding place in the UAA depends on the outcome of their home finale nextSaturday, Feb. 23, against the University of Rochester (N.Y.).The post Women's Winning Streak Ends at Seven appeared first on The Emory Wheel.