Palestinian Harvard Freshman Deported After Visa RevokedIncoming Harvard freshman Ismail B. Ajjawi, a Palestinian resident of Lebanon, was deported only eight hours after he arrived at Boston Logan International Airport on Friday, Aug. 23.In a written statement to The Harvard Crimson, Ajjawi alleged that the immigration officer took issue with his friends' social media posts because they expressed political views opposing the United States. Ajjawi said that he was required to unlock his phone and laptop, which immigration officers examined for fivehours.The Crimson reported that Ajjawi responded to the officials by saying that he had "no business with suchposts," as he had not shared them or commented on them, and that he "shouldn't be held responsible for what others post."According to the Crimson, Ajjawi is working with his lawyer to resolve the issue so he can return to theU.S. before classes start.Sterk Releases Statement Following Georgia Senator's Resignation AnnouncementSen. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.) announced that he will resign at the end of the year due to health reasons,including the progression of his Parkinson's disease, a fall that fractured four ribs and a surgery to remove a growth on his kidneys.In an Aug. 28 statement released following Isakson's announcement, University President Claire E.Sterk praised the senator, calling him a public servant "of the highest caliber and a true statesman." She added that she is "grateful that Senator Isakson has been our senator" and that "Emory is committed to helping make the next four months among the most lasting of the senator's legacy."12 Georgia Counties in State of Emergency Due to Hurricane DorianGeorgia Gov. Brian Kemp declared a state of emergency in 12 counties on Thursday afternoon in preparation for Hurricane Dorian. As of Sunday morning, Hurricane Dorian has strengthened to a Category 5 hurricane with winds up to 160 mph.Florida will likely be spared a direct hit, though "dangerous storm hazards are still possible," according to The Washington Post. Florida Power & Light spokesman Bryan Garner has advised residents to prepare for "possible extensive power outages." The hurricane hit the Bahamas on Sunday and is expected to turn northward along the coast of Georgia and North and South Carolina later in the week.According to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, southern Georgia is particularly "wary" of HurricaneDorian because the region is still recovering from Hurricane Michael's damage two years ago. TheAtlanta Motor Speedway has opened its camping facilities for those who have to evacuate.Curfew on E-Scooters in AtlantaElectric bikes and scooters are now banned in Atlanta between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m. Atlanta Mayor KeishaLance Bottoms imposed the ban on Aug. 9, following the death of four riders in different incidents within the course of three months."This nighttime ban, while we continue to develop further long-term measures, will ensure the safest street conditions for scooter riders, motorists, cyclists, those in wheelchairs and pedestrians," thestatement read.The city is considering additional measures including creating dedicated lanes electric bikes andscooters and working with a limited number of dock less vendors to run a safer, more orderly docklesssystem."Handshake Now Available Nationwide to StudentsHandshake, a career services platform, has expanded its services to all students with a .edu emailaddresses. Previously, students could only use Handshake if their college or university had a partnership with the platform.According to company representatives, this change was made to continue "democratizing" job andinternship opportunities.The post News Roundup | 9.1.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.