The Emory soft ball team won three out of four games this weekend against the Washington University inSt. Louis (Mo.) Bears to push their record to 21-5 in overall play and 7-1 in the University Athletic Association (UAA). Though the loss snapped the Eagles' 11-game winning streak, the Eagles still tout animpressive record.While Emory finished the week end with a series win, the Eagles lost a nail-biting first game against the Bears 6-5. The Bears used a four-run fourth inning to break a 2-2 deadlock and raise the score to 6-2.However, the Eagles would not go down without a fight, and they trimmed the deficit to two in the sixthinning.In the last inning of the game, junior outfielder Sami Feller drove in a run after hitting a single with the bases loaded. Another runner attempted to score on Feller's base hit, but was thrown out at home.Sophomore utility player Meghan Murphy came up with runners on second and third only to strike out for the second out of the inning. The Eagles' final attempt to tie the game resulted in a fly out.Despite the difficult loss, the Eagles rebounded to win the next three games by a combined score of 255.In the second game, the Eagles were led by sophomore pitcher Madison Schaefer, who threw a two-runcomplete game and improved her season record to 8-1. The Eagles also used a balanced effort on offense to push past the Bears, as seven players got hits in the 3-2 victory.In Sunday's doubleheader, freshman first baseman Mattie Ryan, senior outfielder Jenna Wilson andFeller lead the way in an offensive barrage, resulting in a pair of mercy-rule victories.The first game of the double header saw the Eagles win 9-0, with Ryan hitting two home runs and seniorpitcher Toko Miller throwing a three-hit shutout.In the second game of the doubleheader, the offense once again carried the team, as they collected 11hits in five innings. Ryan hit another 2-run home run, and Schaefer earned her ninth win of the season during the Eagles 13-3 victory.Ryan won UAA Softball Hitter of the Week for her stellar performance this weekend. She hit .455 overthe weekend, going five for 11 at the plate with eight RBIs and four runs. Ryan is hitting .354 with 19 RBIson the season.The Eagles will be back in action again on April 10 for a double header at Birmingham-Southern College(Ala.).The post Offense Comes Alive Against WashU appeared first on The Emory Wheel.