The Emory women's tennis team left disappointed after yielding several key points in a 7-2 matchagainst Georgia Gwinnett College on April 17. Although the Eagles lost the match, it was still memorable for the team as it marked Head Coach Amy Bryant's (96B) 20th season at Emory.In doubles, freshman Christina Watson and sophomore Stephanie Taylor faced little resistance from theiropponent. With several aces from Watson, the duo secured an 8-3 victory. Freshman Jessica Fatemiand senior Daniela Lopez, on the other hand, fiercely battled their opponents. Both sides had strongserving games, but the Eagles lost the close match in the tiebreaker, 8-7. Sophomores YsabelGonzalez-Rico and Defne Olcay got in their own way, sailing the ball out of bounds several times and losing 8-2.The Eagles played several other close matches in singles, and half of the matches ended in a tiebreaker.Gonzalez-Rico could not find her groove and yielded the match to her opponent, 6-0, 6-3. Lopez won her first set, but her opponent increased the pressure in the ensuing sets. She lost 3-6, 6-2, 6-2. Olcay foughtrelentlessly but lost the match, 7-5, 6-4. Freshman Emma Cartledge had a close match against heropponent, and their battle lasted longer than any other match. She won the first set and tried to keep up her momentum but lost in the match tiebreaker, 6-7, 7-6, 10-6. Freshman Lauren Yoon also yielded hermatch, 6-2, 7-6. Fatemi brought back the only singles victory. After badly losing the first set, she quicklybounced back and won the match 1-6, 6-3, 6-0.With their regular season now over, the Eagles celebrated Bryant's 20th anniversary at Emory. Sheassumed the head coach position back in 2000. In her 20 years as a coach and four years as a player atEmory, she has been one of the most successful figures in the program's history.Bryant was the first women's tennis player in Emory's history to earn All-America honors in both single sand doubles. She was the runner-up in the NCAA national singles championship her junior season in1994-95 and teamed up to reach the semifinals of the NCAA doubles championship her senior year.Besides being a successful player herself, Bryant has led the Eagles to achieve numerous honors and awards as coach. Over the past 20 years, the Eagles have won national titles in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006,2014 and 2016. The team has recorded a 396-98 overall record with 18 appearances in the NCAAnational quarterfinals and 12 appearances in the NCAA team championship finals. Bryant has coached five players to NCAA Division III Singles Championships and a double s pairing to four consecutiveNCAA national titles between 2001 and 2004. Under Bryant, players have won 87 All-America awardsand 12 conference Most Valuable Player honors.Reflecting on her career at Emory, Bryant talked about what makes her decide to coach the Eaglespersistently."I really like being at Emory. It's like a second home to me," Bryant said. "Being involved in Emoryathletics is a part of my blood, and I enjoyed being with those players. Being able to laugh a lot has helped me persevere through all 20 years!"Celebrating Bryant's 20th season at Emory, the Eagles along with former players made a video clip recording their best wishes. Team captain Lopez has been a part of Bryant's team for four years, and she expressed her gratitude toward Bryant."Amy is like a friend to all of us who we hold respect for," Lopez said. "She is an understanding andselfless leader. She helped me mold into the player I am now, and she is a huge cause for many of mysuccesses."The Eagles will fly to Florida to compete in the UAA Championships from April 25-27.The post Bryant Celebrates Her Twentieth Year As Coach appeared first on The Emory Wheel.