While 2019 is quickly coming to an end, the last four months of the year have a wealth of new albumsand films to offer. Here are some of the most anticipated works to look forward to.Albums:"Jaime" by Brittany Howard – Sept. 20Proud Southerner and Alabama Shakes frontwoman Brittany Howard will release her debut LP on Sept.20. "Jaime" is dedicated to her sister, Jaime, who died of cancer when she and Howard were teenagers.Howard's soulful, billowy voice and intrepid lyricism are evident on captivating Alabama Shakes songslike "Shoegaze," where she encourages listeners to go make memories "precious and temporary." Whileher released singles boast a similar impressive musicality to her work with Alabama Shakes, theyportray a far more personal narrative. On her latest single, "He Loves Me," Howard belts about her relationship with black church and with God. The music video for another single entitled "Stay High"offers an equally warm, complicated image of working-class backwater country and features TerryCrews driving around an Alabama town. "Jaime" and its accompanying autumn tour are sure to please existing fans of Howard's bluesy rock anthems and earn her new ones.A Possible New Album by Tame ImpalaWhile Tame Impala have gained a bad rap for being the favorite band of insolent hypebeasts across theworld, they're still impressive and talented. Kevin Parker, the Australian producer behind Travis Scott's"Astroworld" and the concluding track of Rihanna's 2016 album "Anti," has been making neo-psychedelicrock as Tame Impala for over a decade. The band has an international following so expansive thatChildish Gambino proudly stated during a performance in Australia that "black people really fuck withTame Impala." Popular tracks like "Elephant" have scored sultry BlackBerry and Audi commercials. But their highly anticipated new album, the first since 2015's "Currents," has yet to be released. Parker and his band mates embarked upon a lengthy festival circuit this summer and even debuted two new tracks,"Borderline" and Patience," on Saturday Night Live, which set Reddit threads abuzz about a possiblerelease. But at this rate, 2019 may finish without a new Tame album. Here's to hoping.Movies:"Honey Boy" – Nov. 8Within the popular imagination, Shia LaBeouf has become something of a humble me me king with songs in his honor like Rob Cantor's "Shia Labeouf" and remixes of his "Just do it!" motivational video. His more recent ventures into performance art and community theater with the opening of his Slauson R.C.Theater School in Los Pueblos, Calif., have intrigued admirers and skeptics alike. Perhaps the most highly anticipated work to come from LaBeouf, aside from the South by Southwest hit "The Peanut ButterFalcon," is "Honey Boy," a semi-biographical drama written by LaBeouf during a stint in rehab. The filmcaptures LaBeouf's relationship with his father throughout his film career. Noah Jupe and Lucas Hedgesportray a young actor named Otis Lort at different points in his career, while LaBeouf is set to play a version of his own father. "Honey Boy" is sure to be a compelling and complex story about the redemptive power of artistic performance and the way that power is complicated by interpersonal codependence."Queen & Slim" – Nov. 27Emmy-nominated writer, actor and producer Lena Waithe first made waves as Denise on "Master ofNone." She's since used her role to create Showtime's one-hour drama "The Chi" and has helped other people of color and queer individuals enter the entertainment industry through her organization named theHillman Grad Network. "Queen & Slim" will be Waithe's first feature as a screenwriter. The film followsthe cross-country escape of Slim (Daniel Kaluuya) and Queen (Jodie Turner-Smith), two dark-skinnedblack people whose first date ends with an aggressive police encounter and the death of a cop. The filmfeatures an exciting cast with supporting performances from Bokeem Woodbine and Chloe Sevigny. Thefilm's commentary on police brutality and black love is sure to provide a welcome reprieve from the winter months' holiday releases and left over Halloween films."Little Women" – Dec. 25Oscar-nominated writer and director Greta Gerwig's star-studded adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's"Little Women" has been set for a Christmas Day release. When the trailer dropped in mid-August, fansof Hollywood boy-prince Timothée Chalamet eagerly took to Twitter to jabber about his performance asLaurie. While Chalamet's portrayal deserves some anticipation, "Little Women" is an exciting venturebecause of the undeniable girl power of the project. Saoirse Ronan, Emma Watson, Laura Dern andMeryl Streep are just a few cast members. The classic novel, set in late-19th-century New England, is about the March sisters: Meg (Emma Watson), Jo (Saoirse Ronan), Amy (Florence Pugh) and Beth(Eliza Scanlen). The sisters lean upon the sage words of their mother and the friendship of Laurie(Timothée Chalamet), the boy next door, to traverse the challenges of growing up. Gerwig's approachwill likely add contemporary resonance to conversations about gender and gender expression.The post End-of-Year Albums and Movies to be on the Look out For appeared first on The Emory Wheel.