On Feb. 21 at 10:46 a.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Emory Point in reference to someone entering a truck. The complainant, a driver for a distribution company, said he parked his truck in the loading dock next to CVS at about 10:30 a.m. to make a delivery. When he returned about 20minutes later, he noticed that the rear hinge lock on the truck had been cut and a bottle of Wild Turkeybourbon was under the truck. After inspecting the inside of the truck, he discovered two cases of Wild Turkey bourbon and two cases of Canadian Club whiskey missing. The complainant told EPD he would need to conduct an inventory check after finishing his deliveries to determine if more alcohol wasmissing. The total value of the missing items is $956. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 21 at 11:20 a.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA)regarding an alleged rape. The case was not assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statistical purposes only.On Feb. 22 at 10:41 a.m., EPD responded to the bike racks in front of the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to a theft. The complainant, an Emory professor, said he secured his black and whiteRetrospec bicycle to the racks with a lock at 7 a.m. but found the bicycle missing when he returned later that day at 10:36 a.m. The bike is valued at $300. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 22 at 11:45 p.m., EPD responded to Emory Point in reference to a dispute. The complainant,who is unaffiliated with Emory, said she observed a black male assaulting a Hispanic female in the parking lot outside of CVS and trying to force her into a black Dodge Charger. When the officers arrived,they located the car and found two women inside. There was no black man present. The two women told the officers that they are in a relationship and live together. The passenger, who is also unaffiliated withEmory, said she and the other woman had gotten into an argument at Tin Lizzy's that continued as they walked to their car. The passenger had a scratch on her left cheek and a small contusion directly aboveit. The passenger admitted the two had gotten into a physical altercation and that she struck the driverfirst. The officer noted that the passenger smelled strongly of alcohol. The driver, also unaffiliated withEmory, said the altercation began because the passenger was drunk and did not want to go home. When the driver tried to escort the passenger back to the car to go home, the passenger became upset and hither in the face. The driver had a scratch on her left cheek. The complainant stated she observed the two in a physical altercation but did not see the beginning of the fight. Because the passenger struck first, the officer arrested her and transported her in DeKalb County Jail. This is the protocol for family violencebattery cases regardless of whether the victim wants to press charges, according to EPD.On Feb. 23 at 10:45 p.m., EPD responded to the intensive care unit (ICU) of Emory University Hospital(EUH) Midtown in reference to stolen property. The complainant, an EUH Midtown employee, said she left her credit card in her purse in the ICU locker room on Feb. 20 at 6:50 a.m. When she returned at 5p.m. the same day, the credit card was missing from her purse. She reported that only employees have access to the locker room, which is usually locked. Later that day at 8:30 p.m., the complainant received a call from her bank notifying her of a suspicious transaction at a local Kroger totaling $405. After the complainant explained the situation, the bank dropped the fraudulent charge from her account anddeactivated the card. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 27 at 8 a.m., EPD received a report of stolen property via telephone. The complainant, anEmory employee, said she left her office with the door open on Feb. 25 at about 12:30 p.m. to get lunch from the office refrigerator. She did not realize until the next day that her lap top bag was missing from theroom. The bag contained a Dell laptop charger, miscellaneous work files and a notebook. The total value of the missing items is $75. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 3.6.2019 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.