The Emory baseball team dominated Washington and Lee University (Va.) on Feb. 21, scoring 11 runsand only allowing four. They met again in a double header on Feb. 23 — with the Eagles losing 4-3 in the first game but coming back to win 8-6 in the second game –— after their game on Feb. 22 waspostponed due to rain.The Eagles began their series with a high-hitting, high-scoring game. They registered 14 hits over the eight innings they batted. Emory crossed home five innings in a row, starting with one run in the third.The team saw particularly strong fourth, fifth and seventh innings in which they scored three runs eachinning. Junior infielder Ryan Adelman and junior catcher Jacob Greene had three hits apiece. Adelmanwent three-for-four at the plate, and Greene went a perfect three-for-three at bat. Sophomore outfielderMichael Edelman also went a perfect four-for-four, scored twice, plated one run and stole a base.Although these three hit big, the Eagles also show cased their offensive diversity and depth, as six different hitters drove in at least one run. The win was credited to the starting pitcher, junior RichardBrereton, who allowed just three runs, struck out three, walked only one batter and picked up his first win of the season.Both teams fought hard in the rescheduled doubleheader. Washington and Lee scored first at the top of the first inning, but Emory soon tied it back up in the bottom of the second inning. Washington and Lee then scored three runs in the sixth inning, but Emory refused to hand over the win. After Washington andLee's three-run inning, the Eagles held them scoreless for the rest of the game. Emory also managed to score a run in the bottom of the seventh inning and rallied during the bottom of the ninth.The ninth inning began with Greene walking to first base. With one out in the inning, Brereton hit a double to get Greene to third base. Greene then scored off a ground out single hit by senior catcher Eric Terry.The Eagles got within one run of Washington and Lee but unfortunately ended the game with a strikeout.Sophomore pitcher Jack Moore threw for the first five innings, allowing just one run, while freshmanpitcher Bryant Wise closed the game with three score less innings. The loss was given to freshmanpitcher Joey Bock, who gave up the three runs in the sixth inning.Even though Emory lost its first game in the doubleheader, the team used the momentum from its rally in the bottom of the ninth inning to redeem themselves in an 8-6 win in the second game.Greene credits the team's rally to their energy in the dugout."The electrifying energy we had in the dug out this past week end is exciting for all of us to be a part of,"Greene said. "It is what will help us have longevity in such a long season. It was also really nice to see great pitching, great defensive play and competitive at bats through the order."The Eagles started scoring in the bottom of the third inning, bringing in two runs and driving in two more in the fourth. Washington and Lee tied the game at the top of the fifth inning by scoring four runs. Emoryanswered with two runs in the bottom of the fifth inning, reclaiming the lead. Washington and Lee held the Eagles scoreless during the sixth inning and scored a run at the top of the sixth and seventh innings to tie the score at 6-6.The tie did not last long, as sophomore outfielder Jack Rubenstein scored at the bottom of the seventh inning off a hit by junior infielder Christopher Stern. In the eighth inning, Brereton hit an RBI groundout to bring in senior outfielder Jackson Grayson, who scored the Eagles' eighth and final run. The credit for this win went to freshman pitcher Jack Brodsky, who took over for junior pitcher James Robertson to pitch the last four innings of the game.After last weekend, the Eagles stand at 4-2. The Eagles move on to face Berry College (Ga.) on Feb. 26.The post Emory Hits Hard Against Washington & Lee appeared first on The Emory Wheel.