[caption id="attachment_32351" align="alignnone" width="700"] Jon Snow ( Kit Harrington) and DaenerysTargaryen ( Emilie Clark) observe their dragons. /Courtesy of HBO.[/caption]Pop culture is, and always has been, a reflection of its surrounding social and political atmosphere. Lastweekend, "Game of Thrones," one of the most popular shows in the world, returned for its final season.After a two-year wait and an eight-year following, fans will finally see how the series comes to an end."Game of Thrones" has found popularity through its dense fantasy world and emotional storydevelopment, political allegories and well written characters (though the dragons and spectacular setpieces help, too). Amid the enthusiasm toward the show's upcoming finale, it might be useful to highlight the parallels between the political dynamics of Westeros and the United States. The following analogieselucidate the potential lessons we may derive from Westerosi politics, and apply them to the current real world political climate.The WallPerhaps the most conspicuous allusion in "Games of Thrones" is the story of the Wall. Constructedthousands of years before the show's time, it originally served to protect the Seven Kingdoms from the White Walkers. The Wall is manned by the Night's Watch, a force of men primarily comprised of thieves and lawbreakers, sent there as punishment for their crimes. Over time, however, the White Walkersbecome a myth, and the primary purpose of the Wall switches to deterring foreign tribes, known as theWildlings.The Wall obviously parallels the wall that President Donald J. Trump vowed to construct on the U.S.Mexico border. Trump's wall isn't history's first; the ancient Chinese constructed the Great Wall of China to repel Mongol invaders from the mainland, and early Roman settlers built Hadrian's Wall in Britain to keep away the Ancient Britons and Picts. However, these walls were only moderate successes, as the troops guarding them were eventually overcome by harsh, cold climates and a lack of proper facilities.This sounds all too familiar to "Game of Thrones" fans, as the Night's Watch in the show suffers the exact same struggles.While the soldiers guarding the proposed U.S.-Mexico wall probably wouldn't undergo treacherous cold or frightening ice zombies, parallels remain, as the primary goal of the Night's Watch is to keep supposedly dangerous foreigners out of the country. The xenophobic rhetoric present in "Game ofThrones" is concerningly and increasingly prevalent in modern American society. The show effectivelyrepresents how characters of different ages and backgrounds accept or reject these xenophobicfeelings. Characters like Jon Snow (Kit Harington), Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) and LyannaMormont (Bella Ramsey) are more willing and accepting of the Wildlings, whereas those of oldergeneration, including Ser Alliser Thorne (Owen Teale), Roose Bolton (Michael McElhatton) and CerseiLannister (Lena Headey) are less willing to welcome the Wildlings into the Seven Kingdoms.Dissonance Across GenerationsAn additional thread of reality in "Game of Thrones" is the constant dehumanization of certain groups ofpeople, such as the allegedly savage Dothraki invaders and murderous Wildings. In recent years, Trumphas notoriously slandered certain ethnicities, religions and nationalities; he has publicly berated Mexicanimmigrants, calling them "animals." In the same vein, the show's persistent use of the term "Wildlings" byelder characters, versus the term "Free Folk," as used by Jon, depicts the generational conflict present in the real world.Older generations are often more conservative and hostile in their approach toward foreigners, usingharsher descriptors such as "illegal immigrants." On the other hand, the younger generations that grew up in a more globalized world tend to be comparatively open-minded, taking special care to respect people by using terminology including "displaced people" or "expatriates." This is visible not only in theU.S. but also worldwide. One such example is the Brexit referendum. Polling data suggests that babyboomers and Generation X have a more traditionalist mindset, as over 60 percent of people aged 65 and above voted to leave the European Union, while millennials and Generation Z had a more liberal mindset,evident with over 70 percent of people aged 18 to 24 voting to remain.In the season premiere, we see Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage), Varys (Conleth Hill) and Ser Davos(Liam Cunningham) as representatives of the older generation, discussing the unification of Jon andDaenerys. They comment upon how the younger generation has a progressive new approach to resolving issues. They do, however, believe that it is a very idealistic and perhaps even naive way tothink.How the rest of season 8 pans out, and what new, real-world parallels it draws remains to be seen. Untilthen, we can continue taking lessons from these characters as we witness the consequences of theiractions, not only for themselves, but for all of Westeros.The post 'Game of Thrones' Reflect Our Modern, Broken World appeared first on The Emory Wheel.