A successful comedy routine demands a confident performer, and "Saturday Night Live" ("SNL") starMikey Day and opener, fellow "SNL" writer, Streeter Seidell certainly delivered in that regard. On April 14,the two comedians drew vigorous laughter from the seats of Goodrich C. White Hall's usually placidlecture hall, room 208, with their entertaining anecdote-based routines.The 39-year-old comedian is best known for his regular appearances on "SNL" as a recurring castmember and writer. To conclude Dooley's Week, Day took the stage in White Hall and delivered anuntraditional stand-up routine. Day's choice to heavily incorporate personal stories, most of which were embarrassing childhood memories, into his routine brought intimacy to his comedy. Additionally, heprovided the students with a short list of his rejected "SNL" pitches, including an ad for "Just the Dust"Cheetos and a skit following Professor Snape's transition into an elementary school teacher after being fired from Hogwarts. Day also displayed a series of prank text messages that he sent from randomnumbers to his father, whose lack of technological savvy seemed to remind much of the audience of their own bumbling relatives.Although his stories were amusing, Day seemed a bit uncomfortable with the show's stand-up format; heis, after all, more accustomed to sketch-based comedy. Stand-up comics typically segue seamlesslyfrom one topic to another, which Day struggled a bit with. Still, some of the funniest moments of the night were the products of Day's improvisation. One such moment was when his microphone died halfwaythrough the routine and he jokingly heckled the student who came to fix it. Day's other strong suit was hisimpressions, which proved essential to his narratives. My favorite impression was of his drug-crazedcollege hallmate Morgan who, as Day recounted, once showed up to his door wearing nothing but a robe and a chicken mask.For one of his stories, Day brought Anna Voss (22C) onstage to read the part of a girl he called in seventh grade to ask to a movie. Voss said that she has been a fan of "SNL" since she was a child, soperforming alongside Day was like a dream come true."I'm a huge fan of Mikey Day, and I love comedy in general, so I was really excited about the show,"Voss said. "It's kind of a running joke with my friends that I'm going to be on 'SNL' one day, and so it was just really fun to be able to perform with somebody actually on 'SNL.'"Though "SNL" isn't shy about its anti-Trump humor, Day kept things mostly a political during the show.While I would have liked to hear his takes on some contemporary social issues, the absence of political commentary kept the show light.Seidell, who opened the show, was just as delightful, giving a more conventional but equally funnyperformance. His jokes spanned a wide range of topics, from being mad about missing the first episode of "Game of Thrones" season 8 because of his performance to feeling ugly in comparison to Korean boyband BTS, who recently performed on "SNL." Seidell also reminisced about his college experiences at Fordham University (N.Y.), which, like Day's, included a drug-addicted roommate who once drank afamily-sized bottle of Robitussin and passed out for two days straight.Part of what made both performances successful was that the comedians seemed to know theiraudience. By focusing heavily on stories from childhood and school, Day and Seidell were able to relate to the crowd. Rather than risk isolating some of their viewers, the two chose topics that everyone in the crowd could empathize with.Day's and Seidell's performances were an excellent way to close out Dooley's Week, as both comedians brought distinct and engaging flavors of comedy to their routines. While neither offered much in the way of sociopolitical commentary, their highly amusing anecdotes kept things personal andcharming. Hopefully Emory gets another A-lister like Day for next year's comedy show, because he definitely set a high standard.The post 'SNL' Star Mikey Day Delivers For Dooley's Week appeared first on The Emory Wheel.