As the gold confetti and red smoke cleared, Atlanta United fans could hardly believe their eyes: the FiveStripes won their first Major League Soccer (MLS) Cup in only their second season of existence. HeadCoach Gerardo "Tata" Martino delivered the most deserving of parting gifts to United fans, going into the final as the future coach of the Mexican national team. Martino's replacement, Dutchman and former defender Frank de Boer, has endured an inconsistent beginning to his managerial career. Despite theteam's retention of key players (such as forward Josef Martinez), Atlanta faces a difficult task to defend the MLS Cup.It was always going to be a challenge to replace Martino, the 2018 MLS Coach of the Year, and attract an elite coach to the notably less competitive league. When news broke that Martino would be leaving after the 2018 season, Atlanta fans were justifiably concerned that Martino would be irreplaceable.Atlanta lost the maestro that orchestrated an incisive, counter-attacking style of soccer that has drawn in record crowds. Their entertaining brand of soccer made United arguably the most exciting MLS team.Frank de Boer is charged with the tough task of replicating Martino's unprecedented success. To hiscredit, de Boer is a veteran of elite soccer and has tremendous expertise from which to draw. He has experience playing for world class teams like the Dutch national team (tallying the third mostappearances ever for that team) and F.C. Barcelona, and has extensive managerial success with to pDutch club team Ajax.However, even de Boer's most passionate supporters will admit that his recent managerial profile isbleak. The Dutchman made headlines in 2017 after he was fired from Crystal Palace, who plays in the Premier League, after the team started the season 0-4 and scored no goals. His four game managerialtenure was the shortest in Premier League history.Despite his recent failures, de Boer has had success as a manager after guiding Ajax to a record fourEredivisie titles in a row. Moreover, the higher quality of opposing teams in Italy and England, and the relative misfortune of de Boer's firings (some believe he was fired too early), paint an unfair picture of deBoer's potential in the substantially weaker MLS.United fans can be encouraged by de Boer's experience as assistant manager to the Netherlands national team (assisting in their second-place finish in the 2010 World Cup). Also, in a promising interview with ESPN, de Boer emphasized his desire to keep fans entertained and to obtain internationalsuccess by winning the coveted CONCACAF Champions League.Despite the managerial change, Atlanta has a largely unchanged roster for the 2019 season. Goalscoring machine Josef Martinez will lead the attack for 2019, and is committed to Atlanta until 2023 aftersigning a massively important five year contract this month. Amid reported offers from top Europeanteams in 2018, Martinez committed to Atlanta United in a decision that bodes well for the reputation of theMLS. The MLS has faced criticism for becoming a league for aging European players, and for not fostering and retaining young talent.Talking about his contract extension, Martinez called it his "dream" to stay with Atlanta."Surely right now in Venezuela they're saying negative things about me," Martinez said. "They think I should be playing for Barcelona or Real Madrid. But for me, this is my Barcelona, my Real Madrid."Martinez added that the people of Atlanta had won him over with their "affection," making it clear that he values the passionate Atlanta fans and is motivated by their support."I've said before that I don't want to go anywhere because this is my home," he said. "You can expect more work, more intensity, because that's who I am. I want to win. I want to do everything for myteammates and for the city."Additionally, forward Julian Gressel is in the process of signing a long-term contract, and his contribution is critical to Atlanta's success. The German registered 14 assists last season, and his ability to play multiple positions in attack, midfield and defense made him a vital team player.Goalkeeper Brad Guzan has shown no indication of leaving, while team captain and defender MichaelParkhurst will also return for the 2019 season. United looks well set to continue to have one of the most impenetrable defenses in the MLS.However, playmaker and midfielder Miguel Almiron, the Robin to Martinez's Batman, has not signed an extension with United. The Paraguayan and Atlanta's highest paid player is a match-winner for Atlanta,both with his ability to score goals and create assists, but that talent has also caught the attention of eliteEuropean teams. It remains to be seen if Atlanta possess the financial ability to keep Almiron, given the high demand for his services.Overall, it will be more difficult for Atlanta to retain the MLS Cup than it was to win the 2018 title. Unitedmust retain Martino's attacking philosophy that has struck fear into the MLS in order to become the fourth team to win two consecutive MLS cups. United boasts a talented roster with skilled replacementsat almost every position, but it is unclear if de Boer possesses the skill set to utilize the team in the same way Martino could. With United's remarkable fan support and star performances from players likeMartinez and Almiron however, few bookies would bet against the Five Stripes.The post After Banner Season, United Looks to Future appeared first on The Emory Wheel.