On Feb. 14 at 3:15 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a fraud report via telephone. Thecomplainant, a former Emory graduate student, said she did not receive her 2018 W-2 form from Emory in the mail and believes some one used the information on the form to open three credit cards in hername. The complainant's credit card protection insurance alerted her of attempts to open credit cards atBest Buy, Home Depot and Kohl's. The attempts at Home Depot and Kohl's were unsuccessful, but a card was issued at Best Buy and used to complete an $871 purchase on Jan. 1. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 14 at 7 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student,said she believes she lost her Kate Spade purse on Feb. 8. The student said she last remembered seeing her purse in Cox Hall. The purse contained three credit cards and $60 in cash. On Feb. 9,someone attempted to use one of the complainant's credit cards at Kroger, but the transaction was unsuccessful as the complainant had canceled all of her credit cards earlier that day. The total value of the missing items is $120. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 14 at 4:02 p.m., EPD received an email from an Emory student threatening to take action on a previously reported case. The email read, "If you don't reply my emails he will pay for what he did to me with his life I know where he lives and where he works. If you aren't going to do anything like you've beendoing from the start, I will." EPD contacted the subject, who is unaffiliated with Emory, and informed him of the email. The subject asked about obtaining a temporary protective order, and the officer said he would email him instructions for how to proceed. The officer also told the subject to contact his local city police and explain the situation to them. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 16 at 2:54 p.m., EPD received a harassing communications report via telephone. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, said his personal email account was hacked and received emails from an unknown individual. The subject said he would share an incriminating video of the complainant to all of the complainant's contacts if the subject did not receive $795 in Bitcoin. Another email asked for $500 inBitcoin. The complainant recognized the name on the emails as the father of the host family he resided with while he attended high school, but said he has not spoken with his host family in several years anddoesn't suspect them to be behind the emails. The complainant started receiving the emails for about 10days but ignored and deleted them until deciding to contact EPD. The case has been assigned to aninvestigator.On Feb. 18 at 10:45 a.m., EPD met with an Emory student in reference to a report of harassingcommunications. The complainant said that a man she met through Tinder in August 2017 washarassing both her and her father via text message and Snapchat. The complainant communicatedregularly with the subject until March 2018 when the subject visited her in Atlanta. After this visit, thecomplainant decided to end the relationship and blocked the subject's phone number. The complainant did not hear from the subject again until she received a text message from an unknown number on June9, 2018, asking why she had blocked him. The complainant told the subject that she did not have feelings for him. On Jan. 1, 2019, the subject texted her again from an unknown number. The subject told her he was tired of her using people and being "stood up." The complainant told the subject not to contact her and blocked the number. On Feb. 15, 2019, the subject added her on Snapchat, and the two began arguing via Snapchat. Shortly after this interaction, the subject began texting the complainant's father and sent him a compromising photo of the complainant that she had sent the subject when they were still communicating regularly. The complainant Googled the subject's name and discovered a news article published in 2011 that stated the subject pleaded guilty to a felony stalking charge after violating a court order to stay away from his ex-girlfriend. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On Feb. 20, EPD responded to the Goizueta Foundation Center in reference to a theft. The complainant,an Emory student, said she believes an unidentified black male stole $20 from her wallet on Feb. 18. The complainant said she left her wallet in her back pack in a storage room at about 1 p.m. to go to work and noticed her wallet on top of her back pack with the money missing when she returned. The complainant'ssupervisor said she observed a black male who works for Highland Bakery exiting the storage room where the complainant kept her belongings during the complainant's shift. The next day, the supervisor observed the same male rattling the door handle to another storage room. When the supervisor approached the subject, he claimed he was taking trash to the dumpster at the Schwartz Center, but did not have any trash with him. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 2.27.2019 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.