Self-care is key to college success, and sleep is a crucial aspect of that. Sometimes, getting a goodnight's rest is more important than studying that extra hour. To keep you firing on all cylinders for the remainder of the semester, the Wheel compiled a list of the comfiest, coziest spots on campus to catch some Z's. Next time you're feeling overwhelmed by your assignments, head over to one of these spots and get an hour or two of shut-eye.The Side Room by the Matheson Reading Room You may know this spot by its alternate name: the Garden of Eden. This rarely occupied room, locatedto the right of the reading room as you walk across the bridge on the third floor of Robert W. WoodruffLibrary, boasts not one, not two, but three plaster replicas of ancient Roman sculptures. Two of the statues are of muscular Romans (#fitnessgoals) and there's also a frieze of some horses along the wall,if you're into that. In addition to the unmatched historical ambiance, the ceiling is partially glass and the 10chandeliers are a particularly nice touch — tuition money well spent. The orangish-brown couches are recommended for optimal napping. You can expect perfect silence during your stay, except for the occasional student banging on the emergency exit door, demanding to be let in. Though it may stir you from your slumber, it adds a healthy dose of schadenfreude to any napper's day. Also, if you try to talk on your phone in here, you may be asked to drop out of school.Cox Computing CenterFor any seasoned napper, Cox Computing Center is a great on-campus resource. Open from 8:30 a.m.to 11:30 p.m. Monday through Thursday, the Computing Center on the second floor of Cox Hall featurescouches that run from one end of the building to the other, and Fatboy bean bags, perfect for curling upin. In addition, Cox's luxurious napping pods are easily accessible from anywhere on campus, butsecluded enough to allow for peaceful sleep. Who needs stacks when you have pods?Beckham GroveIf you like the idea of hiking, but only in theory, you might try napping on one of the circular benches atBeckham Grove, located next to Candler Library. This beautiful enclave, built in 2000, offers a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of Cox Bridge. The warm Atlanta sun, sponsored by Coca-Cola™, willsmile down on you from above. In the warmer months, the area is filled with squirrels and birds. The onedownside to this napping spot is that it's quite public, so you might have to interact with other people. It'sa huge drag, but I think you'll find this slice of nature well worth it.Schwartz Center Upper LobbyLocated on the second floor of the Schwartz Performing Arts Center, this long hallway is utterly devoid of people at almost any time of day, making it prime napping real estate. You can take your pick betweenlonger wooden benches or shorter cushioned ones. Now that's inclusion. As an additional perk, if you'relounging around while there's a concert going on, you can let the symphonic melodies lull you to sleep without paying a dime.Your Calculus ExamWe're all going to fail anyway, so why even try? Sleep through the exam, and study harder for the nextone. But don't just stay in bed. Go to the exam, and in the ultimate power move, snore loudly from beginning to end. The exam booklet makes an excellent pillow.Atwood Chemistry Center AlcovesThe newly renovated chemistry building features spacious nooks on every floor of the lobby, perfect for the STEM-minded napper. The newly revamped chemistry curriculum isn't loved by all, but the new couches that came with it are an undeniable boom. Although the area isn't exactly quiet, the alcoves are comfortable enough to make up for it. They're also stocked with National Geographic and Naturemagazines, ideal if you want to alternate between stimulating science articles and snoozing. Pro tip: you can use the chemistry teaching labs to synthesize melatonin, a hormone that will put you right to sleep.ConclusionThere you have it. These secluded locations are perfect if you need to recharge your batteries at any time of day. Classes demand a lot, but there's no need to worry with this list at your side. ForgetStarbucks, Peet's or Highland; simply catch some Z's at these primo spots.The post Naps on Campus: A Snoozer's Guide appeared first on The Emory Wheel.