On March 21 at 3:42 p.m., Emory Police Department (EPD) received a theft by deception report viatelephone. The complainant, an Emory employee, said she received an email on March 20 fromsomeone claiming to be the dean of Laney Graduate School. The sender asked the complainant to purchase a $300 Amazon gift card for her niece's birthday. The complainant said she and the dean are close friends so she completed the request without hesitation. The following day, the complainant realized the email was fraudulent as several of her coworkers received the same email. The complainantcontacted American Express and Amazon about the incident and asked them to place a hold on thetransaction. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 22 at 1:21 a.m., EPD responded to Woodruff Residential Center in reference to a report of possession of marijuana. The complainant, a resident advisor (RA), said she smelled marijuana in the hall outside of a room. She knocked on the door but no one answered, so she opened the door and encountered six male subjects in the room, which strongly smelled of marijuana. An EPD officer arrived shortly after. The resident allowed the officer into the room and admitted to smoking marijuana. The officer asked if there was any more marijuana or contraband in either his or his friends' possession to which they all replied there was none. Four of the subjects were Emory students and the other two werevisitors. Because there was no marijuana in the room, the officer did not cite any one for possession ofmarijuana. Campus Life was notified about the incident.On March 22 at 9:39 a.m., EPD responded to the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to a theft. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, said she accidentally left her back pack in the stacks at 4 p.m. on March21. She returned the following day at 8 a.m. and found her back pack in the same place where she left it.However, $500 cash and a charger for her Apple AirPods were missing from her bag. The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March. 25 at 7:10 p.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a campus security authority (CSA)regarding an alleged incident of sexual battery that occurred at Raoul Hall. The case has not been assigned to an investigator because the CSA reported the incident to EPD for statistical purposes.On March. 26 at 6:33 p.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a former Emory student who wished to report crimes against her while she was a student. She said she was raped on Emory'scampus in 2013 and reported other crimes that occurred outside of EPD's jurisdiction.On March 26 at 7:37 p.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emorystudent, said she dropped her wallet while walking from her vehicle to the entrance of ClairmontResidential Center Building E on March 26 at 5:15 p.m. An hour later, the complainant received a phone call from her bank attempting to verify possible fraudulent charges made to her debit card. The charges included a $60 transaction for a computer program from Taiwan and two other charges that weredeclined. The complainant canceled her debit card. The total value of the wallet and its contents is $250.The case has been assigned to an investigator.On March 27 at 5:50 p.m., EPD met with an Emory student in reference to stolen property. The complainant said she was on the bottom floor of the Woodruff Library on March 27 from 1:08 p.m. to 2p.m. After leaving, she discovered her Apple AirPods missing. She was able to track her AirPods usingher iPhone and discovered the A irPods were last activated at 3:47 p.m., in the area between WoodruffLibrary and Candler Library. The complainant checked with staff at both libraries but no one had turned in her AirPods. The total value of the A irPods is $199. The case has been assigned to an investigator.The post Crime Report | 4.3.2019 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.