On Sept. 12 at 4:21 p.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to the O. Wayne RollinsResearch Building in reference to a theft. The complainant said his silver Apple MacBook Pro, valued at approximately $1,300, was stolen at the Rollins Research Building on Sept. 9 after he left to attend aseminar at the Winship Cancer Institute at 3:48 p.m. He said the laptop was powered off and he was unable to use Find My iPhone to track it. The exact time of the theft is unknown.On Sept. 13 at 7:04 p.m., EPD responded to the Clairmont Campus Student Activity and AcademicCenter (SAAC) in reference to a report of property damage. The complainant, an undergraduate studentemployee, said a member who rented locker 428 in the women's locker room reported that someone else wrote "Nika Whore" on the locker. The complainant provided a picture of the writing and asked thecustodial staff to clean it.On Sept. 14 at 5:19 p.m., EPD took a call regarding a simple battery at the SAAC. The complainant said she was drying herself off and changing clothes in the women's locker room at the SAAC at about 5:05p.m., when the subject walked up behind her, called her a "bitch" and hit her on the top left side of her back with a closed fist. The complainant said there were other people in the locker room, but she was unsure if they witnessed the physical altercation. The complainant stated that she did not have any physical injuries and did not need medical attention. The officer then approached the subject, who was with her husband. The subject said that while she was walking out of the locker room, the complainant was blocking her path to the exit and held her middle finger up to the subject's face. In order to walk past the complainant and leave the locker room, the subject said she lightly tapped the complainant on her leftshoulder. The subject said she did this to maintain her balance as she walked around the complainant.On Sept. 18 at 9:18 a.m., EPD received a call regarding a report of lost property. The complainant, anEmory student, said his silver MacBook Air was missing. He said that he was on the main floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library near the main entrance on Sept. 10. He left the library at about 3 p.m., butaccidentally left his books and the laptop on a desk in the library. When he went back to the library at 9p.m. on Sept. 11, his books were still on the same desk, but his laptop was missing. The complainant said that his laptop was locked with a passcode.On Sept. 18 at 1:19 p.m., EPD responded to the Robert W. Woodruff Library in reference to a report of stolen property. The complainant said she left her bag containing a key chain wallet, apartment keys,Chase credit card, Bluetooth headset, T-shirt and sports bra on the first floor of the library at 12:30 a.m.on Sept. 17. When she returned at 1:30 a.m., the items had been removed from the area and the only items remaining were some pens, gym pants and a head set bag. The complainant said that at about1:20 a.m. that morning, an unauthorized charge was found on her credit card for $200. The card has already been reported as stolen to the issuer.The post Crime Report | 9.25.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.