As much as it pains me to say, as a native of suburban Philadelphia, the Atlanta Braves have absolutelyschooled the Philadelphia Phillies all year.Coming into the 2019 MLB season, the two teams were primed for an intense, season-long battle for the division title. Each team was supposed to flip-flop atop the National League (NL) East standings only for the division winner to be crowned during the season's twilight. Instead, the Braves ran away with thedivision, leaving my home town Phillies in distress.Entering the offseason, Phillies owner John Middleton boldly claimed that the team would spend "stupidmoney" on free agents. And in a way, they did — they signed star right fielder Bryce Harper to a 13-year,$330 million contract, the largest contract in MLB history (for about two weeks). The Phil lies were so focused on Harper that they largely neglected other free agents, a lapse in judgement that is coming back to bite them right now.The Braves signed third baseman Josh Donaldson to a one-year, $23 million contract in the winter,which honestly seemed like a gross overpay at the time. Donaldson, 33, is a former American LeagueMVP whose multiple injuries sidelined him for the majority of the previous season. Obviously, the Braves saw something in Donaldson that the Phillies didn't, as he is currently hitting .262 with 37 home runs, farbetter production than any of the several third basemen the Phillies have trotted out.Further, after failing to get his desired contract and beginning the season as a free agent, pitcher DallasKeuchel signed with the Braves on June 7 for one-year and $13 million. Again, Philadelphia's decisionnot to sign Keuchel is understandable, as the former Cy Young Award winner was originally asking for asix-year, $12o million contract despite declining fast ball velocity and overall numbers over the past fewseasons.Since landing in Atlanta, however, Keuchel has posted an 8-5 win-loss record with a 3.35 earned runaverage — better than any Phillies pitcher so far. Keuchel had some choice words for the Phillies' frontoffice after he pitched a gem against Philadelphia on Sept. 11, and who could blame him? Keuchel was well within the Phillies' budget, and for a team willing to spend "stupid money," it's inexcusable thatPhiladelphia, a team with a mediocre-at-best pitching staff, didn't even call Keuchel to discuss a potentialcontract.Middleton and the rest of the Phillies front office should be ashamed of themselves. The Bravesschooled Philadelphia at their own game: spending money. Building a contending ball club doesn't meanbreaking the bank on one player (Harper). It means acquiring any player that could help your club, eitherthrough free agency or a trade deal. The Braves understand this, while the Phillies do not.Atlanta, congratulations on your second consecutive NL East division title. Philadelphia, learn from the Braves and spend your "stupid money" in the offseason.The post Callahan's Corner: Braves Beating Phillies at Their Own Game appeared first on The EmoryWheel.