Deborah Lipstadt Resigns from Atlanta Synagogue Over Far-Right TiesDeborah Lipstadt, Dorot professor of modern Jewish history and Holocaust studies at Emory, resigned her membership in the Young Israel of Toco Hills synagogue due to Young Israel's associations with Jewish Power, according to The Atlanta Journal Constitution (AJC). Jewish Power is a far-right extremistgroup, backed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, which advocates for the expulsion of all Arabs from Israel. A Feb. 25 statement from the National Council of Young Israel, which Young Israel is part of, voiced support for the agreement between Netanyahu and Jewish Power to merge Netanyahu'sJewish Home party with Jewish Power. Adam Starr, the rabbi of Young Israel of Toco Hills, denouncedthe agreement. Lipstadt thanked Starr for opposing the agreement but wrote in a Feb. 26 Facebook post that she still needed to distance herself from the "racism, celebration of violence, and immoral policies [ofJewish Power]."Emory Wins AAU Grant for STEM EducationEmory University was one of 12 universities to receive a grant from the Association for American Universities (AAU) for undergraduate education in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM).The University plans to use the grant for a Graduate Teaching Fellowship Program (GTFP), according to a Feb. 20 University press release. The 10-month program, a collaboration between the College of Arts and Sciences and Laney Graduate School, aims to help graduate teaching assistants develop evidencebased teaching practices and authentic examination methods to better instruct their undergraduatestudents. The GTFP will accept applications later this semester, according to the press release.One-Button Studio Opens in Robert W. Woodruff LibraryThe One-Button Studio, a video production studio, is now open on the first floor of the Robert W.Woodruff Library. The studio allows students to easily record high definition videos of themselves, with green and blue screen options for students to superimpose backgrounds in post-production. Students who want to use the studio can reserve a time slot using the online Student Digital Life ResourceScheduler.Michael Cohen Bashes Trump in Congressional TestimonyMichael Cohen, the former personal attorney of President Donald J. Trump, testified before the U.S.House Oversight Committee on Feb. 27, calling Trump a "racist," a "con man" and a "cheat," according to The Washington Post. Cohen accused Trump of lying to Congress about business deals in Russia and on his tax returns, as well as instructing Cohen to lie about paying hush money to Stormy Daniels.The hearing lasted about seven hours. Trump rebuked Congress in a Feb. 28 press conference for holding the hearing while he was in Vietnam participating in peace talks with North Korean leader KimJong Un. A New York state court filing on the eve of Cohen's Feb. 27 testimony revealed that Cohen had been disbarred. Cohen previously pleaded guilty to lying under oath to Congress in November 2018.Cohen is set to serve a three-year prison sentence starting in May for tax evasion, bank fraud and campaign finance violations.U.S.-North Korea Summit Yields No ResolutionTrump's summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ended on Thursday when the two failed to reach a resolution regarding North Korean nuclear disarmament. Trump requested the complete surrender of North Korea's nuclear weapons in exchange for an end to American economic sanctions on NorthKorea, according to the The New York Times. Kim sought a gradual surrender of North Korea's nucleararsenal for an immediate lift of economic sanctions. He offered to dismantle North Korea's largestnuclear facility, the Yongbyon nuclear complex, in exchange for an end to the sanctions, which Trumprejected, according to the Times.The post News Roundup | 3.6.2019 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.