On Sept. 18 at 10:35 a.m., the Emory Police Department (EPD) responded to Wesley Woods Towers,room 308, in reference to a report of a theft. A resident care provider assisted the officer in speaking with the complainant because the complainant has poor hearing and experiences increased difficulties with speech and memory as the day progresses. The staff informed the officer that the complainant had been telling staff at the facility that her son was stealing from her. During the EPD officer's conversation with the complainant on Sept. 19, the complainant said she was a wealthy woman. She also said people kept asking her, "Can I have this?" and "Can I have that?" until she had little left. The staff member said that she would be willing to provide a statement regarding what she had heard and seen from thecomplainant.On Sept. 18 at 5:02 p.m., EPD respond to the Emory Point Parking Deck in reference to propertydamage. The complainant said she parked her vehicle on the fourth level of the parking deck on Sept. 7and had no issues with her tires. Upon her return the next morning at 9:30 a.m., the front driver's side tire on her vehicle was completely flat. The complainant took the tire to a shop for repair. She said the shop found a piece of plastic placed inside the valve cap. When she asked if the incident could happenaccidentally, the shop said it would have to be an intentional act. The complainant said she parked hervehicle in the same deck on the evening of Sept. 16 and had no issues with tire pressure or appearance.When she returned to her vehicle at 9:30 a.m. on Sept. 17, she found that a tire was flat again. The complainant said that she could not think of any one who would want to cause harm to her or herproperty. The complainant has suffered no financial loss from this issue due to her AAA membership.On Sept. 19 at 10:27 p.m., EPD responded to the Emory Briarcliff Campus in reference to propertydamage. The officer observed a gray pole with a security camera knocked to the ground when he reached the gate arm and attempted to access the area. The lens of the camera was destroyed. Theparking staff came on the scene and said that the pole had been upright on Sept. 18. The staff memberestimated the cost to replace the pole and camera to be approximately $5,000. The officer also observed a set of tire tracks beginning several feet away from the curb. The tracks made contact with the curb,intersected with the pole and continued over the pole. Due to the orientation of the camera and the direction of the treads, it is unlikely that the camera was able to capture the incident.On Sept. 23 at 10 a.m., EPD received a theft report via telephone. The complainant, an Emory student,said he was on the first floor of the Robert W. Woodruff Library on Sept. 22 at 11:30 p.m. He stated that he left his laptop on a table located on the library's first floor, next to the library printers. He said he left the table briefly to print some papers and then left the library without his laptop. The complainant said he realized he had left his laptop at the library and went back on Sept. 23 at 9:45 a.m. to see if he could locate it. His laptop was not at the location where he left it. The complainant stated that neither the staff nor the security guards at the library were able to locate the laptop. The missing laptop was a 15-inchgray MacBook Pro, valued at $1,100.On Sept. 23 at 10:20 a.m., EPD received an anonymous report from a Campus Security Authority (CSA)regarding aggravated assault. The disclosure was made to the CSA on Sept. 21, and the report was made for statistical purposes.On Sept. 23 at 1:19 p.m., EPD responded to Woodruff Circle in reference to a report of theft. Thecomplainant, an Emory student, said he boarded the C Route shuttle from Clairmont Campus on Sept. 9at approximately 9 a.m. He was on his way to Woodruff Library to return a camera and associated accessories that he had checked out. After he departed the bus and while walking to the library, herealized he did not have the camera bag with him. The complainant said he immediately returned to the location where he had exited the shuttle. Upon his return, the shuttle was still there. The complainant said he searched the shuttle but was unable to locate the camera bag. He contacted First Transit and asked if anyone had returned the camera bag but was informed that no items matching the description had been turned in. He said he delayed his report to the EPD due to his continued search for the camera bag. Thecomplainant told officers that the value of the camera and accessories was approximately $1,000.The post Crime Report | 10.2.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.