Emory University Hospital Names New CEOEmory Healthcare named Matt Wain as its new CEO on June 19, according to an Emory Universitypress release. Wain will officially begin working at Emory University Hospital (EUH) on Aug. 19. Wain iscurrently the chief operating officer at the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC). During his tenure there, Wain oversaw a $1 billion dollar expansion of MUSC facilities. Previously, he served as the chief administrative officer at the Pennsylvania State University Hershey Medical Center.EUH began its search for a new CEO following former CEO Bryce Gartland's promotion to EmoryHealthcare Hospital Group president in September 2018. — Carson GreeneEmory Mathematics Professor to Present Groundbreaking ProofEmory Assistant Professor of Mathematics Hao Huang plans to present a proof to the SensitivityConjecture, a long-standing, open problem in theoretical computer science, at the International Conference on Random Structures and Algorithms in Zurich, according to an Emory press release.The Sensitivity Conjecture was posed in 1994 by mathematicians Noam Nisan and Mario Szegedy, and had since remained unproven. Huang began working on the conjecture seven years ago, according to the release, but believes he found the conjecture's solution last week.The Sensitivity Conjecture relates to Boolean functions, which aid in the design of circuits and chips fordigital computers. Huang's proof is only six pages long and has been applauded for its simplicity. The method has the potential to apply to other prominent computer science problems or questions.Two Emory Professors Win 2019 Georgia Author of the Year AwardsOn June 15, Jimmy Carter Professor of History Joseph Crespino and Professor of South Asian StudiesRuby Lal won Georgia Author of the Year Awards for their work in history and biography, respectively.Crespino's book, "Atticus Finch: The Biography," explores the extent to which Harper Lee's father, A.C.Lee, inspired the portrayal of "To Kill a Mockingbird" protagonist Atticus Finch.Lal's novel, "Empress: The Astonishing Reign of Nur Jahan," explores Jahan's life as the wife of Mughal emperor Jahangir in 14th-century India and debunks the accepted notion that her power grew from herhusband's inefficacy as a ruler. Earlier this year, Lal's work was a finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. Other finalists for the award included former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and Emory Professor of English and Creative Writing Tayari Jones.Emory Continues Search for Title IX CoordinatorEmory is still searching for a permanent Title IX coordinator after the former coordinator, SupriaKuppuswamy, stepped down from her role on March 29. On April 1, Judith Pannell became interimuniversity Title IX coordinator and Kristy Seidenberg became interim Title IX coordinator for students,according to an Emory press release.According to the release, the coordinator is responsible for overseeing Title IX complaints, includingdomestic violence and stalking, and works to address patterns and systemic problems within theUniversity.MARTA Board of Directors to Consider Improving Bus, Streetcar LinesThe MARTA Board of Directors will convene this month to discuss expanding and improving varioustransportation projects across Atlanta, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution (AJC). The proposedimprovements, which include constructing two bus rapid transit lines and extending Atlanta Streetcarroutes, are projected to finish in 2025. The Board of Directors considered available funding, ongoingprojects, such as the Clifton Corridor light rail construction, and fair distribution of transportation improvements when developing the proposed timeline.The post News Roundup | 7.11.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.