February is Black History Month. As people nationwide work to commemorate African Americans'contributions to this country, others continue to (consciously or unconsciously) discriminate againstthem. While discussing race can make people uncomfortable, addressing that discomfort can be an excellent way to honor the tradition of black history and the humanity of black people. Are you struggling to find your place in conversations about race? Do you start sweating whenever someone says"slavery"? Never fear, Doolino is here to help your problems.Dear Doolino,In honor of Black History Month, I have been trying to talk to my black roomate more. We have different class schedules, friend groups and don't really spend time together. But I need him to understand that I am down for the cause. On Feb. 1, I made sure to have my favorite album, Kanye West's "LateRegistration" blasting in the room. I thought that those fire early 2000s rhymes would bring us together.But after entering our room and seeing me rap "Gold Digger" flawlessly as I completed my B-Schoolapplication, he told me he would be spending the night at Club Libs. I've subsequently tried to show my love for his culture by organizing a "Black Panther" screening in our room and battle-dancing him in a floss contest. Both attempts were unsuccessful. What am I doing wrong? How do I let my black peers know that I'm totally chill?With Clout,Budding B-School BadboiDear Budding B-School Badboi,It is honorable of you to want to form a bond with your roommate. But if you want that to happen, you need to stop everything that you're doing. A great way to display your interest and concern about yourroommate's history is by becoming informed about it. Rather than haphazardly spitting fire alongsidecontroversial rap gods, meditate on some W.E.B. Du Bois and Ida B. Wells. Here is an additional tip:some of the best ways we can show we care is by listening. A good way to show your roommate you care about his humanity, this month and every month, is by treating him like a person. Who knows, he may like it. Next time you see him, ask him how his day was.Go get 'em, champ.From DoolinoDear Doolino,A lot of bizarre and disturbing events have been occurring these past few months; I feel like I am the only person paying attention. I am a young black woman from Virginia. Our governor refused to step down although a photo of him in black face recently surfaced. And an additional incident of black face was made against his third in command respectively. Priyanka Chopra, a goddess, married Nick Jonas, a muppet."If Beale Street Could Talk" only got nominated for three Oscars. There are 14 films in the "Airbud"franchise. And we still haven't found that Malaysian airline flight. I guess what I am asking is, are we living in a simulation or am I being personally victimized by Regina George (a.k.a. the universe)?Signed,Suzie from RugratsDear Suzie from Rugrats,Yes.From DoolinoDear Doolino,Learning about vagrancy laws in my history class makes me feel guilty and sad. I did not know black people were arrested en mass for hanging out together at night. I cried during every class this semester.During our most recent class, my tears amassed into a salty, classroom-sized lagoon. Water soaked through the soles of my fellow students' shoes, rose knee-high and lifted our desks off the ground. My teacher had to wade through the room and open the door mid-conversation to let out a wall of water.My professor has since pulled me aside and encouraged me to rethink how I engage with the readings.What do you think she means?Signed,Dona Gochasen-WalterfeldsDear Dona,It is good that you're upset about vagrancy laws. But crying about it seems to be derailing class and giving other students less time to participate. Additionally, by devoting this much time to your feelings,less attention is given to the source material and the people who lived it. Redirect your sadness intoaction. From now on, bring a flower pot and some seeds to class. Instead of crying loudly duringconversations, cry quietly into the flowerpot. Over the semester, your flowers will grow. And comespring, you can give those beautiful flowers to black people that you see selling lemonade or waiting for abus. In the spirit of vagrancy laws past and present, learn to celebrate black people when they're justexisting and having fun.From DoolinoThe post Doolino Knows Best: PC Problems appeared first on The Emory Wheel.