Emory Hillel Director to Leave for USCDirector of Emory Hillel David Cohn is leaving Emory to serve as the executive director of University of Southern California's Hillel, according to an April 22 email from University Jewish Chaplain RussShulkes. Cohn has served as the director of Emory Hillel since July 2017. "Dave has effectively led ourEmory professional team in implementing innovative strategies for growing student engagement,increased financial support from Emory parents and alumni, and been a strong partner to our colleagues at Emory University and Hillel International," Shulkes wrote.Famed Emory Professor Accepts Fellowship at Holocaust MuseumDorot Professor of Modern Jewish History and Holocaust Studies Deborah Lipstadt has accepted anine-month long fellowship for the study of anti-Semitism at the United States Holocaust Museum inWashington, D.C. During the fellowship, Lipstadt will prepare online supplemental material, includingscholarly works, newspaper articles and cartoons, to her recent book, "Anti-Semitism: Here and Now."The supplemental material will be geared toward informing students about the meaning of anti-Semitism,how it manifests itself and ways to combat it. Lipstadt will continue her professorship at Emory when the fellowship ends in May 2020.Coordinated Bombings in Sri Lanka Kill HundredsAt approximately 8:45 a.m. on April 21, at least eight coordinated suicide bombings against hotels and churches in Sri Lanka killed 321 people as of Tuesday night, according to The New York Times. There have been 24 people arrested in connection with the attacks, BBC reported. ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks, according to the Times. University President Claire E. Sterk released a statement on April 22 in which she emphasized Emory's values of peace and religious freedom and extended prayers toward those affected by the attacks. "Even as we grieve, we hope and work for a future where all people … can love and believe as their conscience directs them, and can do so withoutfear," Sterk wrote.Storms Cause Floods, Tornado Warnings in Atlanta In the early morning of April 19, fast-moving rain storms passed throughout Georgia, resulting in flash flood warnings for various counties around North Georgia and metro Atlanta, including De Kalb County.The storms left more than 20,000 North Georgia residents without power, according to the AtlantaJournal-Constitution.Barr Releases Redacted Mueller ReportAttorney General William Barr released special counsel Robert Mueller's redacted report on the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election on April 18. The report did not reach conclusions on whether President Donald J. Trump obstructed justice and noted that the president was not fully cleared of wrongdoing. Prior to the release of the report, Barr spoke at a news conference in which he reported that the investigation revealed the president did not commit any wrongdoing, accordingto CNN. Congressman and Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) issued a subpoena on April 19 for a fully unredacted version of the report as well as its underlying evidence by May 1.The post News Roundup | 4.24.19 appeared first on The Emory Wheel.